Title: Radio City (Indian radio station)

Radio City is India's first private FM radio station and was started on 3 July 2001. It broadcasts on 91.1 (earlier 91.0 in most cities) megahertz from Mumbai (where it was started in 2004), Bengaluru (started first in 2001), Lucknow and New Delhi (since 2003). It plays Hindi, English and regional songs. It was launched in Hyderabad in March 2006, in Chennai on 7 July 2006 and in Visakhapatnam October 2007. Radio City recently forayed into New Media in May 2008 with the launch of a music portal - PlanetRadiocity.com that offers music related news, videos, songs, and other music-related features. The Radio station currently plays a mix of Hindi and Regional music. Abraham Thomas is the CEO of the company.

Title: History of Albanian football

Football in Albania existed before the Albanian Football Federation (FSHF) was created. This was evidenced by the team's registration at the Balkan Cup tournament during 1929-1931, which started in 1929 (although Albania eventually had pressure from the teams because of competition, competition started first and was strong enough in the duels) . Albanian National Team was founded on June 6, 1930, but Albania had to wait 16 years to play its first international match and then defeated Yugoslavia in 1946. In 1932, Albania joined FIFA (during the 12–16 June convention ) And in 1954 she was one of the founding members of UEFA.

Title: Echosmith

Echosmith is an American, Corporate indie pop band formed in February 2009 in Chino, California. Originally formed as a quartet of siblings, the band currently consists of Sydney, Noah and Graham Sierota, following the departure of eldest sibling Jamie in late 2016. Echosmith started first as "Ready Set Go!" until they signed to Warner Bros. Records in May 2012. They are best known for their hit song "Cool Kids", which reached number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified double platinum by the RIAA with over 1,200,000 sales in the United States and also double platinum by ARIA in Australia. The song was Warner Bros. Records' fifth-biggest-selling-digital song of 2014, with 1.3 million downloads sold. The band's debut album, "Talking Dreams", was released on October 8, 2013.

Title: Women's colleges in the Southern United States

Women's colleges in the Southern United States refers to undergraduate, bachelor's degree–granting institutions, often liberal arts colleges, whose student populations consist exclusively or almost exclusively of women, located in the Southern United States. Many started first as girls' seminaries or academies. Salem College is the oldest female educational institution in the South and Wesleyan College is the first that was established specifically as a college for women. Some schools, such as Mary Baldwin University and Salem College, offer coeducational courses at the graduate level.

Title: First Arthur County Courthouse and Jail

The First Arthur County Courthouse and Jail, was perhaps the smallest court house in the United States, and serves now as a museum.

Title: Arthur's Magazine

Arthur's Magazine (1844–1846) was an American literary periodical published in Philadelphia in the 19th century. Edited by T.S. Arthur, it featured work by Edgar A. Poe, J.H. Ingraham, Sarah Josepha Hale, Thomas G. Spear, and others. In May 1846 it was merged into "Godey's Lady's Book".

Title: 2014–15 Ukrainian Hockey Championship

The 2014–15 Ukrainian Hockey Championship was the 23rd season of the Ukrainian Hockey Championship. Only four teams participated in the league this season, because of the instability in Ukraine and that most of the clubs had economical issues. Generals Kiev was the only team that participated in the league the previous season, and the season started first after the year-end of 2014. The regular season included just 12 rounds, where all the teams went to the semifinals. In the final, ATEK Kiev defeated the regular season winner HK Kremenchuk.

Title: First for Women

First for Women is a woman's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in the USA. The magazine was started in 1989. It is based in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey. In 2011 the circulation of the magazine was 1,310,696 copies.

Title: Freeway Complex Fire

The Freeway Complex Fire was a 2008 wildfire in the Santa Ana Canyon area of Orange County, California. The fire started as two separate fires on November 15, 2008. The "Freeway Fire" started first shortly after 9am with the "Landfill Fire" igniting approximately 2 hours later. These two separate fires merged a day later and ultimately destroyed 314 residences in Anaheim Hills and Yorba Linda.

Title: William Rast

William Rast is an American clothing line founded by Justin Timberlake and Trace Ayala. It is most known for their premium jeans. On October 17, 2006, Justin Timberlake and Trace Ayala put on their first fashion show to launch their new William Rast clothing line. The label also produces other clothing items such as jackets and tops. The company started first as a denim line, later evolving into a men’s and women’s clothing line.

Title: Ritz-Carlton Jakarta

The Ritz-Carlton Jakarta is a hotel and skyscraper in Jakarta, Indonesia and 14th Tallest building in Jakarta. It is located in city center of Jakarta, near Mega Kuningan, adjacent to the sister JW Marriott Hotel. It is operated by The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company. The complex has two towers that comprises a hotel and the Airlangga Apartment respectively. The hotel was opened in 2005.

Title: Oberoi family

The Oberoi family is an Indian family that is famous for its involvement in hotels, namely through The Oberoi Group.

Title: Ishqbaaaz

Ishqbaaaz (English: "Lovers") is an Indian drama television series which is broadcast on Star Plus. It premiered on 27 June 2016 and airs Mon-Fri 10-11pm IST. Nakuul Mehta, Kunal Jaisingh and Leenesh Mattoo respectively portray Shivaay, Omkara and Rudra, the three heirs of the Oberoi family. The show initially focused on the tale of three brothers, later become centered on the love story of Shivaay and Annika (Surbhi Chandna); with the story of Omkara and Rudra being shifted to the spinoff series "Dil Boley Oberoi". In July 2017 "Dil Boley Oberoi" ended and the storylines were merged back into "Ishqbaaaz" which doubled its runtime.

Title: Hotel Tallcorn

The Hotel Tallcorn is located in Marshalltown, Iowa. Today it is called the Tallcorn Towers Apartments. Built in 1928 by the Eppley Hotel Company, local citizens contributed $120,000 to ensure the successful completion of this seven-story hotel. It was completed in connection to the seventy-fifth anniversary of Marshalltown. The hotel's sale in 1956 from the Eppley chain to the Sheraton Corporation was part of the second largest hotel sale in United States history. The Tallcorn was listed as a contributing property in the Marshalltown Downtown Historic District on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.

Title: Mohan Singh Oberoi

Rai Bahadur Mohan Singh Oberoi (15 August 1898 – 3 May 2002) was an Indian hotelier, the founder and chairman of Oberoi Hotels & Resorts, India's second-largest hotel company, with 35 hotels in India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Egypt, Australia and Hungary.

Title: Hotel Bond

Hotel Bond is a historic hotel, built in two stages in 1913 and 1921, in downtown Hartford, Connecticut by hotelier Harry S. Bond. It is located near Bushnell Park, and was considered the grandest hotel in Hartford during its heyday. The second section is a 12 story building attached to the 6 story first section. A Statler Hotel opened in the area in 1954, creating competition, and the Bond Hotel company declared bankruptcy shortly after that. It was bought by the California-based Masaglia Hotel chain, which began an incremental renovation program. In 1964 it was sold to a Cincinnati, Ohio investment group which announced extensive renovation plans. However, the financing plans fell through and the hotel was again in bankruptcy. The building was sold at auction to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Hartford in 1965, and it became the home of the Saint Francis Hospital School of Nursing. The Bond Ballroom reopened in 2001, with the rest of the building becoming a Homewood Suites by Hilton in 2006.

Title: The Oberoi Group

The Oberoi Group is a hotel company with its head office in Delhi. Founded in 1934, the company owns and/or operates 30+ luxury hotels and two river cruise ships in six countries, primarily under its Oberoi Hotels & Resorts and Trident Hotels brands.

Title: Future Fibre Technologies

Future Fibre Technologies (FFT) is a fiber optic sensing technologies company based in Melbourne, Australia, with its US head office in Mountain View, California, Middle East head office in Dubai, Indian head office in New Delhi and European head office in London. Founded in 1994, Future Fibre Technologies product line provides optical fiber intrusion detection systems for perimeters, buried oil and gas pipelines and data communication networks.

Title: 289th Military Police Company

The 289th Military Police Company was activated on 1 November 1994 and attached to Hotel Company, 3rd Infantry (The Old Guard), Fort Myer, Virginia. Hotel Company is the regiment's specialty company.

Title: Glennwanis Hotel

The Glennwanis Hotel is a historic hotel in Glennville, Georgia, Tattnall County, Georgia, built on the site of the Hughes Hotel. The hotel is located at 209-215 East Barnard Street. The old Hughes Hotel was built out of Georgia pine circa 1905 and burned in 1920. The Glennwanis was built in brick in 1926. The local Kiwanis club led the effort to get the replacement hotel built, and organized a Glennville Hotel Company with directors being local business leaders. The wife of a local doctor won a naming contest with the name "Glennwanis Hotel", a suggestion combining "Glennville" and "Kiwanis".

Title: Lisa Simpson

Lisa Marie Simpson is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". She is the middle child and most intelligent of the Simpson family. Voiced by Yeardley Smith, Lisa first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987. Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed her while waiting to meet James L. Brooks. Groening had been invited to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters. He named the elder Simpson daughter after his younger sister Lisa Groening. After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family were moved to their own series on Fox, which debuted on December 17, 1989.

Title: Marge Simpson

Marjorie Jacqueline "Marge" Simpson (née Bouvier) is a fictional character in the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons" and part of the eponymous family. She is voiced by Julie Kavner and first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987. Marge was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters. He named the character after his mother Margaret Groening. After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three seasons, the Simpson family received their own series on Fox, which debuted December 17, 1989.

Title: Bart Simpson

Bartholomew JoJo "Bart" Simpson is a fictional character in the American animated television series "The Simpsons" and part of the Simpson family. He is voiced by Nancy Cartwright and first appeared on television in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987. Cartoonist Matt Groening created and designed Bart while waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip, "Life in Hell", but instead decided to create a new set of characters. While the rest of the characters were named after Groening's family members, Bart's name is an anagram of the word "brat". After appearing on "The Tracey Ullman Show" for three years, the Simpson family received its own series on Fox, which debuted December 17, 1989.

Title: Allie Goertz

Allison Beth "Allie" Goertz (born March 2, 1991) is an American musician. Goertz is known for her satirical songs based on various pop culture topics. Her videos are posted on YouTube under the name of Cossbysweater. Subjects of her songs have included the film "The Room", the character Milhouse from the television show "The Simpsons", and the game Dungeons & Dragons. Her style has been compared to that of Bo Burnham. In December 2015, Goertz released a concept album based on the Adult Swim series "Rick and Morty", "Sad Dance Songs", with the album's cover emulating the animation and logo of the series. The album was made possible through Kickstarter. She is co-host of Everything's Coming Up Podcast, a Simpsons-focused podcast along with Julia Prescott.

Title: Milhouse Van Houten

Milhouse Mussolini van Houten is a fictional character featured in the animated television series "The Simpsons", voiced by Pamela Hayden, and created by Matt Groening who named the character after President Richard Nixon's middle name. Later in the series, it is revealed that Milhouse's middle name is "Mussolini."

Title: Los Angeles Reader

Los Angeles Reader was a weekly paper established in 1978 and distributed in Los Angeles, United States. It followed the format of the (still active) Chicago Reader. The paper was known for having lengthy, thoughtful reviews of movies, plays and concerts in the LA area. James Vowell was its founding editor. Among its writers were Keith Fitzgerald, Nigey Lennon, Lionel Rolfe, Lawrence Wechsler, Mick Farren, Richard Meltzer, Heidi Dvorak, Chris Morris, Jerry Stahl, Steven Kane, Andy Klein, Allen Levy, Jim Goad, Kirk Silsbee, Henry Sheehan, Samantha Dunn, Natalie Nichols, Steve Appleford, Eric Mankin (also editor), Paul Birchall, Eddie Rivera (who wrote the paper's first cover story), Amy Steinberg, Harry Sheehan, Dan Sallit, Myron Meisel, David Ehrenstein. Tom Davis, Bruce Bebb, Stuart Goldman, Ernest Hardy, Kevin Uhrich, Erik Himmelsbach and David L. Ulin. It is famous for being the first newspaper to publish Matt Groening's cartoon strip, Life in Hell on April 25, 1980. James Vowell hired Matt Groening as his assistant editor in 1979. Groening was also originally a Reader music critic. It also ran a cartoon strip by David Lynch (director of Blue Velvet) called The Angriest Dog in the World, a strip notable for having exactly the same drawing panels for its entire run. James Vowell and his wife Codette Wallace bought the Reader from the Chicago Reader in February 1989. They sold "The Reader" to New Times Media in 1996, which merged it with the "Los Angeles View" to form "New Times LA".

Title: Homer Simpson

Homer Jay Simpson is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the American animated television series "The Simpsons" as the patriarch of the eponymous family. He is voiced by Dan Castellaneta and first appeared on television, along with the rest of his family, in "The Tracey Ullman Show" short "Good Night" on April 19, 1987. Homer was created and designed by cartoonist Matt Groening while he was waiting in the lobby of James L. Brooks' office. Groening had been called to pitch a series of shorts based on his comic strip "Life in Hell" but instead decided to create a new set of characters. He named the character after his father, Homer Groening. After appearing for three seasons on "The Tracey Ullman Show", the Simpson family got their own series on Fox that debuted December 17, 1989.

Title: List of The Simpsons video games

"The Simpsons" is an American animated television sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company. The series is a satirical parody of a middle class American lifestyle epitomized by its eponymous family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. It is set in the fictional town of Springfield, and lampoons American culture, society and television, and many aspects of the human condition. The family was conceived by Groening shortly before a pitch for a series of animated shorts with producer James L. Brooks. Groening created a dysfunctional family and named the characters after members of his own family, substituting Bart for his own name. The shorts became a part of "The Tracey Ullman Show" on April 19, 1987 and after a three-season run, the sketch was developed into a half-hour prime time show and became a hit series for Fox. The growing popularity of the series motivated video game developers to create video games based on the series. Two pinball machines have also been produced; one self-titled, that was only made available for a limited time after the first season finale (1990) and "The Simpsons Pinball Party" (2003). Additionally, several handheld device games have been released, such as "Bartman: Avenger of Evil" (1990) and "Bart Simpson's Cupcake Crisis" (1991).

Title: The Simpsons: An Uncensored, Unauthorized History

The Simpsons: An Uncensored, Unauthorized History is a non-fiction book about the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It was written by John Ortved, and first published in October 2009 by Faber and Faber. In the United Kingdom, the book is called Simpsons Confidential: The uncensored, totally unauthorised history of the world's greatest TV show by the people that made it. The book is an oral history of the show, and concentrates particularly on the writers and producers of the show. The book includes entire chapters devoted to key figures such as creator Matt Groening and James L. Brooks and Sam Simon, who helped develop the series. According to National Public Radio reviewer Linda Holmes, "Ortved's thesis, essentially, is that lots of people are responsible for the success of "The Simpsons", and their creator, Matt Groening, has too often been viewed as the sole source to the detriment of others who also deserve to be praised."

Title: List of The Simpsons guest stars

In addition to the show's regular cast of voice actors, celebrity guest stars have been a staple of "The Simpsons", an American animated television sitcom created by Matt Groening for the Fox Broadcasting Company, since its first season. "The Simpsons" focuses on the eponymous family, which consists of Homer, Marge, Bart, Lisa and Maggie. The family was initially conceived by Groening for a series of animated shorts, which originally aired as a part of "The Tracey Ullman Show" between 1987 and 1989. The shorts were developed into a half-hour prime time series which began in December 1989. The series' 27th season began in September 2015 and episodes of "The Simpsons" have aired. A feature film adaptation of the series called "The Simpsons Movie", was released in 2007.

Title: Moloch: or, This Gentile World

Moloch: or, This Gentile World is a semi-autobiographical novel written by Henry Miller in 1927-28, initially under the guise of a novel written by his wife, June. The book went unpublished until 1992, 65 years after it was written and 12 years after Miller’s death. It is widely considered to be of interest more as a study of Miller’s artistic growth than as a worthy piece of fiction.

Title: Launceston by-election, 1874

The Launceston by-election of 1874 was fought on 3 July 1874. The byelection was fought due to the void Election of the incumbent Conservative MP, James Henry Deakin (senior). It was won by the Conservative candidate James Henry Deakin (junior).

Title: Incest: From a Journal of Love

Incest: From a Journal of Love: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin (1932–1934) is a 1992 non-fiction book by Anaïs Nin. It is a continuation of the diary entries first published in "Henry and June: From the Unexpurgated Diary of Anaïs Nin". It features Nin's relationships with writer Henry Miller, his wife June Miller, the psychoanalyst Otto Rank, her father Joaquín Nin, and her husband Hugh Parker Guiler. She also copied some of her correspondence with these people into her diary. Much of this book was written in English, although those of her letters which were originally written in French and Spanish were translated. Most of this diary takes place in France, particularly Clichy, Paris and Louveciennes.

Title: James Henry Deakin (junior)

James Henry Deakin (1851 – 8 November 1881) was a British Conservative politician, the son of Col. James Henry Deakin, a Manchester merchant.

Title: Ewan MacColl

James Henry Miller (25 January 1915 – 22 October 1989), better known by his stage name Ewan MacColl, was an English folk singer, songwriter, communist, labour activist, actor, poet, playwright and record producer.

Title: Peggy Seeger

Margaret "Peggy" Seeger (born June 17, 1935) is an American folksinger. She is also well known in Britain, where she has lived for more than 30 years, and was married to the singer and songwriter Ewan MacColl until his death in 1989.

Title: Henry Miller Memorial Library

The Henry Miller Memorial Library is a nonprofit arts center, bookstore, and performance venue, championing the late writer, artist, and Big Sur resident Henry Miller, as well as many other, both living and dead, creative individuals living in or near Big Sur, California. Henry Miller’s friend Emil White built the house that is now the Library in the mid-1960s. After Miller died, in 1980, Emil decided to maintain his property as a memorial to his friend and as a gallery where local artists could show their work. In 1981 Emil White, with the help of the Big Sur Land Trust, created "The Henry Miller Memorial Library, Founded by Emil White."

Title: June Miller

June Miller (January 7 or 28, 1902 – February 1, 1979) was the much-written-about second wife of Henry Miller.

Title: James Innes-Ker, 7th Duke of Roxburghe

James Henry Robert Innes-Ker, 7th Duke of Roxburghe (5 September 1839 – 23 October 1892), became Duke of Roxburghe on the death of his father, James Henry Robert Innes-Ker, 6th Duke of Roxburghe.

Title: Jim Miller (Australian footballer, born 1919)

James Henry Miller (born 30 May 1919) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League (VFL).

Title: Cadmium chloride

Cadmium chloride is a white crystalline compound of cadmium and chlorine, with the formula CdCl. It is a hygroscopic solid that is highly soluble in water and slightly soluble in alcohol. Although it is considered to be ionic, it has considerable covalent character to its bonding. The crystal structure of cadmium chloride (described below), composed of two-dimensional layers of ions, is a reference for describing other crystal structures. Also known are CdCl•HO and CdCl•5HO.

Title: Water blue

Water blue, also known as aniline blue, Acid blue 22, Soluble Blue 3M, Marine Blue V, or C.I. 42755, is a chemical compound used as a stain in histology. Water blue stains collagen blue in tissue sections. It is soluble in water and slightly soluble in ethanol.

Title: Diflucortolone valerate

Diflucortolone valerate (also "Nerisone" cream/oily cream/ointment, "Neriderm" ointment, Japanese ジフルコルトロン (Jifurucorutoron ) is a corticosteroid rated Class 2 "potent" (100-150 times) in the New Zealand topical steroid system. It is a white to creamy white crystalline powder. It is practically insoluble in water, freely soluble in dichloromethane and in dioxan, sparingly soluble in ether and slightly soluble in methyl alcohol. Chemically, it is a corticosteroid esterified with valeric acid. It is commonly used topically in dermatology. The brand name is Nerisone; its creams come in potencies of 0.1% and 0.3%.

Title: Heptanoic acid

Heptanoic acid, also called enanthic acid, is an organic compound composed of a seven-carbon chain terminating in a carboxylic acid. It is an oily liquid with an unpleasant, rancid odor. It contributes to the odor of some rancid oils. It is slightly soluble in water, but very soluble in ethanol and ether.

Title: Magnesium chloride

Magnesium chloride is the name for the chemical compound with the formula MgCl and its various hydrates MgCl(HO). These salts are typical ionic halides, being highly soluble in water. The hydrated magnesium chloride can be extracted from brine or sea water. In North America, magnesium chloride is produced primarily from Great Salt Lake brine. It is extracted in a similar process from the Dead Sea in the Jordan valley. Magnesium chloride, as the natural mineral bischofite, is also extracted (via solution mining) out of ancient seabeds; for example, the Zechstein seabed in northwest Europe. Some magnesium chloride is made from solar evaporation of seawater. Anhydrous magnesium chloride is the principal precursor to magnesium metal, which is produced on a large scale. Hydrated magnesium chloride is the form most readily available.

Title: Ethanol

Ethanol, also called alcohol, ethyl alcohol, and drinking alcohol, is a compound and simple alcohol with the chemical formula C2H5OH . Its formula can be written also as CH3 −CH2 −OH or C2H5 −OH (an ethyl group linked to a hydroxyl group), and is often abbreviated as EtOH. Ethanol is a volatile, flammable, colorless liquid with a slight characteristic odor. It is used as a drug and is the principal type of alcohol found in alcoholic drinks.

Title: Tributyltin oxide

Tributyltin oxide (TBTO) is an organotin compound chiefly used as a biocide (fungicide and molluscicide), especially a wood preservative. Its chemical formula is <ce>[(C4H9)3Sn]2O</ce>. It has the form of a colorless to pale yellow liquid that is only slightly soluble in water (20 ppm) but highly soluble in organic solvents. It is a potent skin irritant.

Title: Benzamide

Benzamide is an off-white solid with the chemical formula of CHCONH. It is a derivative of benzoic acid. It is slightly soluble in water, and soluble in many organic solvents.

Title: Gold(III) chloride

Gold(III) chloride, traditionally called auric chloride, is a chemical compound of gold and chlorine. With the molecular formula AuCl, the name gold trichloride is a simplification, referring to the empirical formula, AuCl. The Roman numerals in the name indicate that the gold has an oxidation state of +3, which is common for gold compounds. There is also another related chloride of gold, gold(I) chloride (AuCl). Chloroauric acid, HAuCl, the product formed when gold dissolves in aqua regia, is sometimes referred to as "gold chloride" or "acid gold trichloride". Gold(III) chloride is very hygroscopic and highly soluble in water as well as ethanol. It decomposes above 160 °C or in light.

Title: Chloride

The chloride ion is the anion (negatively charged ion) Cl. It is formed when the element chlorine (a halogen) gains an electron or when a compound such as hydrogen chloride is dissolved in water or other polar solvents. Chloride salts such as sodium chloride are often very soluble in water. It is an essential electrolyte located in all body fluids responsible for maintaining acid/base balance, transmitting nerve impulses and regulating fluid in and out of cells. Less frequently, the word "chloride" may also form part of the "common" name of chemical compounds in which one or more chlorine atoms are covalently bonded. For example, methyl chloride, with the standard name chloromethane (see IUPAC books) is an organic compound with a covalent C−Cl bond in which the chlorine is not an anion.

Title: Li Na

Li Na (; ; born 26 February 1982) is a retired Chinese professional tennis player, who achieved a career-high WTA-ranking of world No. 2 on 17 February 2014. Over the course of her career, Li won seven WTA singles titles and two Grand Slam singles titles at the 2011 French Open and 2014 Australian Open. Li's rise to prominence came after those victories, which made her the first and only Grand Slam singles champion from East Asia and Asia as a whole. Prior to this, she had already become the first player representing an East Asian and Asian country to appear in a Grand Slam singles final, a milestone she achieved at the 2011 Australian Open. Li was also the runner-up at the 2013 Australian Open and 2013 WTA Tour Championships, a three-time quarterfinalist at Wimbledon and a semifinalist at the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games and 2013 US Open. Among her other most notable accolades, she was the first Chinese player to win a WTA tour title at the Guangzhou International Women's Open in 2004, the first to reach a Grand Slam singles quarterfinal at the 2006 Wimbledon Championships, and the first to break into the world's top 10. Her feats have sparked a major population growth of tennis players in East Asia, earning her the reputation as the region's tennis pioneer and trailblazer.

Title: Williams sisters

The Williams sisters are two professional American tennis players: Venus Williams (b. 1980), a seven-time Grand Slam title winner (singles), and Serena Williams (b. 1981), twenty-three-time Grand Slam title winner (singles), both of whom were coached from an early age by their parents Richard Williams and Oracene Price. There is a noted professional rivalry between them – between the 2001 US Open and the 2017 Australian Open tournaments, they met in nine Grand Slam singles finals. They became the first two players, female or male, to play in 4 consecutive grand slam singles finals from the 2002 French Open to the 2003 Australian Open; Serena famously won all 4 to complete the first of two "Serena Slams". Between 2000 and 2016, a 17-year span, they collectively won 12 Wimbledon singles titles (Venus won 5 and Serena won 7). By winning the 2001 Australian Open women's doubles title, they became the 5th pair to complete the Career Doubles Grand Slam and the only pair to complete the Career Doubles Golden Slam. At the time, Venus and Serena were only 20 and 19 years old, respectively. Since then they have gone on to add another two Olympic gold medals in the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Olympics. Nearly a decade later, the duo would go on to win 4 consecutive grand slam doubles titles from 2009 Wimbledon through 2010 Roland Garros, which would catapult them to co-No. 1 doubles players on 7 June 2010. Two weeks later, on 21 June 2010, Serena would hold the No. 1 singles ranking and Venus would be right behind her at No. 2 in singles. Their most recent grand slam doubles titles came at the 2012 Wimbledon & 2016 Wimbledon events. They remain very close, often watching each other's matches in support, even after one of them has been knocked out of a tournament.

Title: Henri Leconte

Henri Leconte (born 4 July 1963) is a former French professional tennis player. He reached the men's singles final at the French Open in 1988, won the French Open men's doubles title in 1984, and helped France win the Davis Cup in 1991. Leconte's career-high singles ranking was world No. 5.

Title: Steffi Graf

Stefanie Maria "Steffi" Graf (] ; born 14 June 1969) is a German former tennis player, who was ranked world No. 1 during her career. Graf won 22 Grand Slam singles titles. Her 22 singles titles put her second on the list of Major wins in the female competition since the introduction of the Open Era in 1968 and is third all-time behind Margaret Court (24) and Serena Williams (23). In 1988, she became the first and only tennis player (male or female) to achieve the Golden Slam by winning all four Grand Slam singles titles and the Olympic gold medal in the same calendar year. Furthermore, she is the only tennis player to have won each Grand Slam event at least four times.

Title: 1986 Grand Prix German Open

The 1986 German Open (also known as the 1986 Ebel German Open) was a men's tennis tournament of the 1986 Nabisco Grand Prix and played on outdoor red clay courts. It was the 77th edition of the event. It took place at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg, West Germany, from 15 September through 21 September 1986. Henri Leconte won the singles title. Fourth-seeded Henri Leconte won the singles title.

Title: Jonathan Stark (tennis)

Jonathan Stark (born April 3, 1971) is a former professional tennis player from the United States. During his career he won two Grand Slam doubles titles (the 1994 French Open Men's Doubles and the 1995 Wimbledon Championships Mixed Doubles). Stark reached the World No. 1 doubles ranking in 1994.

Title: Pam Teeguarden

Pam Teeguarden (born April 17, 1951) is a former American professional tennis player in the 1970s and 1980s, ranked in the top 20 from 1970–1975, according to "John Dolan's Women's Tennis Ultimate Guide", prior to computer rankings. She won two Grand Slam Doubles Titles and was a quarter finalist in singles at the U.S. Open and The French Open. Her father Jerry, a well known coach, helped Margaret Court win the coveted Grand Slam (all four Grand Slam titles in one year) in 1970 and Virginia Wade to her 1977 Wimbledon triumph. Teeguarden was voted the "Most Watchable Player" based on play and appearance by a group of Madison Avenue advertising executives or "Mad Men" while playing at the US Open. Teeguarden played in 19 consecutive US Opens, holding the record until Chris Evert played in 20. She wore the first all black outfit in the history of tennis in 1975 at The Bridgestone Doubles Championships in Tokyo, starting a trend that is still popular today. Teeguarden was the first woman tennis player signed by Nike. She played on the victorious Los Angeles Strings Team Tennis team in 1981 and won the Team Tennis Mixed Doubles Division with Tom Gullikson in 1977; they were also runners-up in the league that year.

Title: Ken Rosewall

Kenneth Robert Rosewall {'1': ", '2': ", '3': 'AM, MBE', '4': "} (born 2 November 1934) is a former world top-ranking amateur and professional tennis player from Australia. He won a record 23 tennis Majors including 8 Grand Slam singles titles and before the Open Era a record 15 Pro Slam titles and a record 35 Major finals overall. He won the Pro Grand Slam in 1963. Rosewall won 9 slams in doubles with a career double grand slam. He is considered to be one of the greatest tennis players of all time. He had a renowned backhand and enjoyed a long career at the highest levels from the early 1950s to the early 1970s. Rosewall was one of the two best male players for about nine years and was the World No. 1 player for a number of years in the early 1960s. He was ranked among the top 20 players, amateur or professional, every year from 1952 through 1977. Rosewall is the only player to have simultaneously held Pro Grand Slam titles on three different surfaces (1962–1963). At the 1971 Australian Open he became the first male player during the open era to win a Grand Slam tournament without dropping a set.

Title: 2009 Serena Williams tennis season

Serena Williams's 2009 tennis season officially began at the 2009 Medibank International Sydney. Williams finished the year ranked world no. 1 for the second time in her career, having played in 16 tournaments, more than any other year. She also broke the record previously set by Justine Henin for the most prize money earned by a female tennis player in one year, with Williams earning $6,545,586. In doubles, she finished the year ranked world no. 3, despite playing only six tournaments as a pair. She won five Grand Slam titles, putting her total Grand Slam titles at 23.

Title: Larisa Neiland

Larisa Savchenko-Neiland (née Savchenko; born 21 July 1966) is a former professional tennis player who represented the Soviet Union and Latvia. A former world number one ranked doubles player, Neiland won two women's doubles Grand Slam titles and four mixed doubles Grand Slam titles. She also won two singles titles and sixty-five doubles titles.

Title: India

India, officially the Republic of India ("Bhārat Gaṇarājya"), is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world. It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south, the Arabian Sea on the southwest, and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast. It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west; China, Nepal, and Bhutan to the northeast; and Myanmar (Burma) and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean, India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives. India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share a maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.

Title: List of companies of India

India is a country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area, the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people), and the most populous democracy in the world.

Title: Eutrapela

Eutrapela is a genus of moth in the Geometridae family. It contains only one species, Eutrapela clemataria, the curve-toothed geometer moth or purplish-brown looper, which is found in North America, where it has been recorded from Nova Scotia to Florida, west to Texas and north to Saskatchewan. The habitat consists of deciduous and mixed woodlands.

Title: Geography of India

India lies on the Indian Plate, the northern portion of the Indo-Australian Plate, whose continental crust forms the Indian subcontinent. The country is situated north of the equator between 8°4' to 37°6' north latitude and 68°7' to 97°25' east longitude. It is the seventh-largest country in the world, with a total area of 3287263 km2 . India measures 3214 km from north to south and 2933 km from east to west. It has a land frontier of 15200 km and a coastline of 7516.6 km .

Title: Yoshiyasua

Yoshiyasua is a grass moth genus (family Crambidae) of subfamily Musotiminae. Some authors have placed it in the snout moth family (Pyralidae), where all grass moths were once also included, but this seems to be in error. The genus contains only one species, Yoshiyasua yasudai, which is found in Japan, where it has been recorded from the Ryukyu Islands.

Title: Nepita

Nepita is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae. The genus consists of only one species, Nepita conferta, which can be found in India and Sri Lanka. The species commonly called footman moth.

Title: Parectropis

Parectropis is a genus in the geometer moth family (Geometridae). A small Old World genus, it contains only a good dozen species altogether, though new ones are still being discovered. Only one species ("P. similaria") is found in Europe; most others live in Asia though some occur in Africa.

Title: Indogrammodes

Indogrammodes is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species, Indogrammodes pectinicornalis, which is found in India.

Title: Eumacaria

Eumacaria is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae. It contains only one species, Eumacaria madopata, the brown-bordered geometer moth, which is found in North America, where it has been recorded from British Columbia, northern Washington, southern Saskatchewan, from Maine to Florida, South Dakota, North Dakota, Nebraska, Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado and New Mexico. The habitat consists of orchards and shrublands.

Title: Nymphuliella

Nymphuliella is a genus of moth of the Crambidae family. It contains only one species, Nymphuliella daeckealis, the China Mark Moth, which is found from New Jersey south to Florida and west to Colorado.

Title: Verano de Escándalo (1998)

The 1998 Verano de Escándalo (Spanish for "Summer of Scandal") was the second annual "Verano de Escandalo" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA. The show took place on September 18, 1998, in Madero, Tamaulipas, Mexico. The main event featured steel cage match between the teams of Heavy Metal and Blue Demon Jr. and Kick Boxer and Abismo Negro. The stipulation of the main event was that if the team of Heavy Metal and Blue Demon Jr. lost referee Guicho Dominguez would be referee El Tirante's "slave" for a week. If Kick Boxer and Abismo Negro lost El Tirantes would be Guicho Dominguez's slave for a week.

Title: Triplemanía VII

Triplemanía VII was the seventh "Triplemanía" wrestling show promoted by AAA. The show took place on June 11, 1999, in Madero, Mexico. The Main event featured a Six-man "Lucha Libre rules" tag team match between the teams of Perro Aguayo, Octagón and El Cobarde II and El Texano, Perro Aguayo Jr. and Sangre Chicana. In the semi-main event Heavy Metal and El Felino defended the hair of their father, referee Pepe "Tropi" Casas while Kick Boxer and Thai Boxer defended the hair of referee El Tirantes. As a result, El Tirantes had his hair shaved off after the match.

Title: Protection racket

A protection racket is a scheme whereby a group provides protection to businesses or other groups through violence outside the sanction of the law. Through the credible threat of violence, the racketeers deter people from swindling, robbing, injuring, sabotaging or otherwise harming their clients. Protection rackets tend to appear in markets where the police and judiciary cannot be counted on to provide legal protection, either because of incompetence (as in weak or failed states) or illegality (black markets).

Title: E. Gordon Gee

Elwood Gordon Gee (born February 2, 1944) is an American academic and is currently serving his second term as President of West Virginia University. He has served as the chief executive at several universities in the United States, previously serving at Ohio State University. Gee had been heading an Ohio State-based think tank following his retirement from the Ohio State presidency on July 1, 2013. He retired in response to a series of controversies relating to comments he made, the last of which involved anti-Catholic comments allegedly made in jest about the University of Notre Dame. His resignation thus ended his second term as the president; he had previously served as president of Ohio State from 1990 to 1997.

Title: Badr Hari

Badr Hari (Arabic: بدر هاري‎ ‎ ; born 8 December 1984) is a Moroccan-Dutch super heavyweight kickboxer from Amsterdam, fighting out of Mike's Gym in Oostzaan. He is a former K-1 Heavyweight champion (2007—2008), It's Showtime Heavyweight world champion (2009-2010) and "K-1 World Grand Prix 2009" finalist. Hari has been a prominent figure in the world of kickboxing and was once considered the best kickboxer in the world, however he has been involved in a number of controversies relating to his "unsportsmanlike conducts" in the sport and crimes of violence outside of the ring.

Title: Guerra de Titanes (1998)

"Guerra de Titanes" (1998) ("War of the Titans") was the second "Guerra de Titanes" professional wrestling show promoted by AAA. The show took place on December 13, 1998 in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico. The Main event featured a Steel Cage Match that highlighted two storyline feuds between Octagón and his "Evil twin" Pentagón and the feud between Heavy Metal and Kick Boxer as Octagón and Heavy Metal teamed together to take on Pentagón and Kick Boxer.

Title: Global Fighting Championship

Global Fighting Championship (also known as GFC) was a UAE-based kickboxing and mixed martial arts (MMA) event. Fighters from around world on the roster include Badr Hari, Peter Aerts, Peter Graham, Dewey Cooper, Zabit Samedov. It was considered as one of the biggest kickboxing and MMA promotion in Middle East. <ref name="Emirates 24/7"> </ref>

Title: Outrageous Betrayal

Outrageous Betrayal: The Dark Journey of Werner Erhard from est to Exile is a non-fiction book written by freelance journalist Steven Pressman and first published in 1993 by St. Martin's Press. The book gives an account of Werner H. Erhard's early life as Jack Rosenberg, his exploration of various forms of self-improvement techniques, and his foundation of Erhard Seminars Training "est" and later of Werner Erhard and Associates and of the Est successor course, "The Forum". Pressman details the rapid financial success Erhard had with these companies, as well as controversies relating to litigation involving former participants in his courses. The work concludes by going over the impact of a March 3, 1991 "60 Minutes" broadcast on CBS where members of Erhard's family made allegations against him, and Erhard's decision to leave the United States.

Title: Betting controversies in cricket

Cricket has had a number of controversies relating to players being involved with the betting aspects of the game. In particular, numerous players have been approached by bookmakers and bribed to throw matches, aspects of matches (e.g. the toss) or provide other information.

Title: Prosecution of gender-targeted crimes

Prosecution of gender-targeted crimes is the legal proceedings to prosecute crimes such as rape and domestic violence. The earliest documented prosecution of gender-based/targeted crimes is from 1474 when Sir Peter von Hagenbach was convicted for rapes committed by his troops. However, the trial was unsuccessful in indicting Sir von Hagenbach with the charge of rape because the war in which the rapes occurred was "undeclared" and thus the rapes were only considered illegal. Gender-targeted crimes continued to be prosecuted, but it was not until after World War II when an international criminal tribunal- the International Military Tribunal for the Far East (Tokyo Tribunal)- were officers charged for being responsible of the gender-targeted crimes (particularly rape) and other crimes against humanity. Despite the various rape charges, the Charter of the Tokyo Tribunal did not make references to rape, and rape was considered as subordinate to other war crimes. This is also the situation for other tribunals that followed, but with the establishments of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR), there was more attention to the prosecution of gender-targeted crimes with each of the statutes explicitly referring to rape and other forms of gender-targeted violence.

Title: House of Anubis

House of Anubis is a mystery television series developed for Nickelodeon based on the Dutch-Belgian television series "Het Huis Anubis". The series was created by Hans Bourlon and Gert Verhulst and premiered on Nickelodeon on 1 January 2011 in the United States and on 25 February 2011 in the United Kingdom. The series is the first series from the network to be filmed outside the United States and the first telenovela-format series for the network. The show aired from 1 January 2011 to 17 June 2013.

Title: Batibot

Batibot was a Philippine children's television series produced by PCTV and based on "Sesame Street". It was first aired in 1984 on RPN as "Sesame!" and was co-produced by Children's Television Workshop ("now known as" Sesame Workshop) but the partnership broke up. "Sesame!" later aired as "Batibot" in 1985, a full Filipino language series. It aired until 1998 and was aired in at least four television networks. TV5 later revived the show and aired it from 2010–2013. A mobile app based on the series was released in 2015.

Title: Wolfblood

Wolfblood is a British–German fantasy teen drama television series targeted at a young adult audience. Created by Debbie Moon, it is a co-production between CBBC and ZDF/ZDFE. The television series revolves around the life of the species known as wolfbloods. They are creatures that have enhanced senses and look like humans but at can turn at will into wolves. Their transformation is uncontrolled during a full moon, and they are at their weakest during "the dark of the moon", at a new moon. The television series focuses on their daily life and the challenges that they face to hide their secret. Each series has new characters and concepts and overall the television series has an interesting storyline. To date, five complete series have aired. Series 1 first aired on 10 September 2012 and concluded on 22 October 2012 and consisted of 13 episodes. Series 2 first aired on 9 September 2013 and concluded on 21 October 2013 and again consisted of 13 episodes. Series 3 first aired on 15 September 2014 and concluded on 27 October 2014 and also consisted of 13 episodes. Series 4 first aired on 8 March 2016 and concluded on 13 April 2016 and this time consisted of 12 episodes. A fifth season was announced on 6 June 2016 and began airing on 27 February 2017 and concluded on 1 May 2017 with 10 episodes.

Title: List of House of Anubis episodes

This article is an episode list for "House of Anubis", a mystery/comedy-drama television series broadcast on Nickelodeon.

Title: Majisuka Gakuen

Majisuka Gakuen (マジすか学園 ) (lit. "Majisuka Academy") is a Japanese television drama series first aired on TV Tokyo starring AKB48. A second season Majisuka Gakuen 2 was aired the following year, the 3rd Season was aired on July 13, 2012. In 2015, the series moved to NTV and the 4th Season was aired on January 19, 2015. On the same year, a 5th Season was announced and for the first time will be aired exclusively on internet, by the streaming site Hulu (only in USA & Japan), because NTV will broadcast only the first two episodes (August 24), due to various scenes of violence, which does not justify full season showing on TV, because there may be many problems. A special spin-off from the 4th and 5th season of the series titled "Majisuka Gakuen 0: Kisarazu Rantōhen" (マジすか学園0 木更津乱闘編 ) (lit. "Majisuka Academy 0: The story of the Brawl at Kisarazu") which first to feature HKT48 as the main cast and first to have a collaboration with the rock group Kishidan. It was aired on November 28, 2015 on NTV at 25:05 JST and run for half an hour.

Title: Graduation Day (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

"Graduation Day" is the season finale of the WB Television Network's third season of the drama television series "Buffy the Vampire Slayer", consisting of the twenty-first and twenty-second episodes. They were written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon. "Part 1" first aired on May 18, 1999 and "Part 2" first aired on July 13, 1999. The second part was to originally be aired on May 25, 1999, but was postponed due to the episode's content and the occurrence of the Columbine High School shootings one month prior.

Title: Fish Police (TV series)

Fish Police is an animated television series from Hanna-Barbera based on the comic book series created by Steve Moncuse. It first aired on CBS in 1992, lasting six episodes over one season. In February of that year, three episodes aired, then the show was axed after falling in the television ratings. The remaining three episodes never aired in the United States, but the entire series ran in European syndication. The show had a decidedly more mature tone than most other animated Hanna-Barbara shows. Episodes often contained innuendo and cases of mild profanity.

Title: Nathalia Ramos

Nathalia Norah Ramos Cohen (born July 3, 1992) is a Spanish-Australian actress, who also holds U.S. citizenship. Ramos is known for her portrayals of Yasmin in the 2007 film "", Jill in the 2013 film "The Damned", and lead character Nina Martin in the 2011 Nickelodeon television series "House of Anubis".

Title: Het Huis Anubis

Het Huis Anubis ("The House of Anubis") is a Belgian-Dutch children's television drama created by Studio 100 and Nickelodeon, airing in the Netherlands and Flanders. It first aired in September 2006 and the last episode was broadcast on December 4, 2009. The show was a huge success in the Benelux, despite the show's low budget for the first two seasons.

Title: Das Haus Anubis

Das Haus Anubis is a television program produced jointly by Belgian broadcaster Studio 100 and Nickelodeon and the first remake of Het Huis Anubis aired in The Netherlands and Belgium. Another English remake called House of Anubis aired in 2011. With a seven-figure production budget, it is one of Nickelodeon's largest in-house productions, and the first German daily soap opera specifically aimed at older children. From 29 September 2009 to 4 May 2012, the show had been running both on children's channel Nick (daily at 7:40pm, and repeated in the afternoon and at weekends), and season 1 on music channel VIVA.

Title: Mount Panorama Circuit

Mount Panorama Circuit is a motor racing track located in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. It is situated on a hill with the dual official names of Mount Panorama and Wahluu and is best known as the home of the Bathurst 1000 motor race held each October, and the Bathurst 12 Hour event held each February. The 6.213 km long track is technically a street circuit, and is a public road, with normal speed restrictions, when no racing events are being run, and there are many residences which can only be accessed from the circuit.

Title: 2016 Intercontinental GT Challenge

The 2016 Intercontinental GT Challenge was the first season of the Intercontinental GT Challenge. The season featured three rounds — after the cancellation of the 6 Hours of the Americas - starting with Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour on 7 February and the season concluded with the Sepang 12 Hours on 10 December.

Title: Bathurst 12 Hour

The Bathurst 12 Hour (currently known as the Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour for sponsorship reasons) is an endurance race for GT and production cars held at the Mount Panorama Circuit, in Bathurst, Australia in February each year. The race was first held in 1991 for Series Production cars and moved to Sydney's Eastern Creek Raceway in 1995 before being discontinued. The race was revived in 2007, again for production cars, before adding a new class for GT3 and other GT cars in 2011. This has led to unprecedented domestic and international exposure for the event. In all, sixteen races have taken place; fifteen at Mount Panorama and one at Eastern Creek Raceway.

Title: 2018 Intercontinental GT Challenge

The 2018 Intercontinental GT Challenge will be the third season of the Intercontinental GT Challenge. The season will feature four rounds, starting with the Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour on 4 February, and concluding with the California 8 Hours on 21 October.

Title: 2016 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2016 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for a variety of GT and touring car classes, including: GT3 cars, GT4 cars and Group 3E Series Production Cars. The event, which was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, Australia on 7 February 2016, was the fourteenth running of the Bathurst 12 Hour. It was also the opening round of the 2016 Intercontinental GT Challenge Series.

Title: 2017 Intercontinental GT Challenge

The 2017 Intercontinental GT Challenge will be the second season of the Intercontinental GT Challenge. The season features four rounds, starting with the Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour on 5 February, and concluding with the Sepang 12 Hours on 10 December. Laurens Vanthoor is the defending drivers' champion and Audi is the defending manufacturers' champion.

Title: 2013 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2013 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for a variety of GT and touring car classes, including: GT3 cars, GT4 cars, Group 3E Series Production Cars and Dubai 24 Hour cars. The event, which was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, Australia on 10 February 2013, was the eleventh running of the Bathurst 12 Hour. The race also incorporated the opening round of the 2013 Australian GT Championship. The Australian GT Championship was to compete as the first hour only and cars were permitted to enter for only that hour or to cross-enter for both the first hour and continue for the endurance race.

Title: 2015 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2015 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for a variety of GT and touring car classes, including: GT3 cars, GT4 cars and Group 3E Series Production Cars. The event, which was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, Australia on 8 February 2015, was the thirteenth running of the Bathurst 12 Hour.

Title: 2017 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2017 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour endurance race for GT and touring car classes, GT3 and GT4 cars was staged on the Mount Panorama Circuit, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, Australia 5 February 2017. The 15th running of the Bathurst 12 Hour constituted the opening round of the 2017 Intercontinental GT Challenge Series. For the first time, the winners of the race were awarded the Australian Tourist Trophy.

Title: 2014 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2014 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for a variety of GT and touring car classes, including: GT3 cars, GT4 cars and Group 3E Series Production Cars. The event, which was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, near Bathurst, in New South Wales, Australia on 9 February 2014, was the twelfth running of the Bathurst 12 Hour.

Title: Lights Out Paris

Lights Out Paris is the first studio album by American hip hop artist Sims, a member of Minneapolis indie hip hop collective Doomtree. It was released July 28, 2005 on Doomtree Records and includes guest appearances from P.O.S, Crescent Moon, and Toki Wright, among others. The album was re-released with four remixes and five songs from Sims' "False Hopes Four" on vinyl in June 2015.

Title: El-P

Jaime Meline (born March 2, 1975), better known by his stage name El-P (shortened from El Producto), is an American hip hop recording artist, record producer, and record executive. Originally a member of Company Flow, El-P has been a major driving force in alternative hip hop for more than two decades, producing for several notable rappers such as Aesop Rock, Mr. Lif, and Cage, among others.

Title: Born and Raised (EP)

Born and Raised is the debut EP by American hip hop duo Smif-N-Wessun, released on December 3, 2013, under Duck Down Music Inc.. Entirely produced by Beatnick & K-Salaam, the 6-song EP is a blend between reggae and hip hop, and includes guest appearances from Junior Reid, Jr. Kelly, Jahdan Blakkamoore, and DJ Full Factor. The EP was preceded by one single — "Solid Ground" featuring dancehall icon Junior Reid.

Title: Lord Steppington

Lord Steppington is the debut studio album by California-based hip hop duo Step Brothers (rapper/producers The Alchemist and Evidence). The album was released on January 21, 2014 by Rhymesayers Entertainment. The record was produced entirely by Alchemist and Evidence, and includes guest appearances from Action Bronson, Roc Marciano, Blu, Fashawn, Rakaa, Oh No, Styles P, Domo Genesis and The Whooliganz – Alchemist's old group which included actor Scott Caan.

Title: Control Freek

Control Freek is the second solo effort by rapper Tash of the West Coast hip hop crew Tha Alkaholiks. This albums comes ten years after Tash's first well-received solo album Rap Life. It was released in 2009 on Amalgam Digital. It includes guest appearances from Tash's group Tha Alkaholiks in addition to guest spots from Del the Funky Homosapien, King T, B-Real from Cypress Hill, Knoc-turn'al, Khujo from Goodie Mob, among others.

Title: Hip hop

Hip hop or hip-hop is a subculture and art movement developed in South Bronx in New York City during the late 1970s. While people unfamiliar with hip hop culture often use the expression "hip hop" to refer exclusively to hip hop music (also called "rap"), Hip hop is characterized by nine distinct elements or expressive realms, of which hip hop music is only four elements (rapping, djaying, beatboxing and breaking). Afrika Bambaataa of the hip hop collective Zulu Nation outlined the pillars of hip hop culture, coining the terms: "rapping" (also called MCing or emceeing), a rhythmic vocal rhyming style (orality); DJing (and turntablism), which is making music with record players and DJ mixers (aural/sound and music creation); b-boying/b-girling/breakdancing (movement/dance); and graffiti art, which he called "aerosol writin'", although many say that the graffiti that hip hop adopted had been around years earlier, and had nothing to do with hip hop culture. (visual art). Other elements of hip hop subculture and arts movements beyond the main four are: hip hop culture and historical knowledge of the movement (intellectual/philosophical); beatboxing, a percussive vocal style; street entrepreneurship; hip hop language; and hip hop fashion and style, among others.

Title: Fast Cars, Danger, Fire and Knives

Fast Cars, Danger, Fire and Knives is an EP by American hip hop artist Aesop Rock. Released via the Definitive Jux label on February 22, 2005, the record is produced by Blockhead and Aesop Rock himself, with the former producing three tracks and the latter producing four, with one track produced by Rob Sonic. Vocals are handled by Aesop Rock, with guest appearances from Camu Tao and Metro of S.A. Smash and Definitive Jux label head El-P. All scratches are performed by DJ Big Wiz.

Title: Longterm Mentality

Longterm Mentality is the debut studio album by American hip hop recording artist Ab-Soul. It was released on April 5, 2011, by Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE), exclusively to digital retailers, serving as Ab-Soul's debut retail release. The album features guest appearances from Jhené Aiko, Schoolboy Q, Kendrick Lamar, Punch, Alori Joh, JaVonté, MURS, BJ the Chicago Kid and Pat Brown, with the production from American hip hop record producers such as Tae Beast, Ayiro, Sounwave, AAyhasis, Context, Alexis Carrington and Tommy Black. Upon its release, the album received a highly acclaimed by music critics.

Title: Experimental hip hop

Experimental hip hop, also known as abstract hip hop, is a genre of hip hop that employs structural elements typically considered unconventional in traditional hip hop music. Some notable experimental hip hop record labels include Definitive Jux, Anticon, Big Dada and Ninja Tune. While most experimental hip hop incorporates turntablism and is produced electronically, some artists have introduced acoustic elements to the music to facilitate it being performed live.

Title: Changes (Alyson Avenue album)

Changes is the third album by Swedish AOR/rock band Alyson Avenue with new vocalist Arabella Vitanc. Alyson Avenue released their third album "Changes" through Avenue of Allies. The record was co-produced by band members and Chris Laney (Crazy Lixx, H.E.A.T., Brian Robertson) and includes guest appearances by Anette Olzon (Ex-Nightwish, Ex-Alyson Avenue), Michael Bormann (Ex-Jaded Heart, Charade, BISS), Rob Marcello (Danger Danger, Marcello - Vestry), Fredrik Bergh, (Street Talk, Bloodbound), Tommy Stråhle and Mike Andersson (Cloudscape, Planet Alliance).

Title: Louis Stevens (writer)

Louis Stevens (December 25, 1896 – September 29, 1963) was an American screenwriter of the silent and sound film eras. Born on Christmas Day 1896 in Riga, Latvia, Stevens entered the film industry in 1920 when he co-wrote the silent film "A World of Folly", with Jane Grogan. In his over 30-year career he worked on over 40 screenplays, as well as several film shorts and two television series. Among his more notable films were: contributing to the script of the 1931 version of "Dracula", starring Bela Lugosi; co-writing the story for What Price Hollywood? (1932); the screenplay for the 1940 western, "Colorado", directed by Joseph Kane, and starring Roy Rogers; the story for "Streets of Laredo" (1949), starring William Holden, Macdonald Carey and William Bendix; 1951's "The Cimarron Kid", starring Audie Murphy; and "Horizons West" (1952), starring Robert Ryan, Julie Adams, and Rock Hudson. Stevens' final screenplay was for "Flaming Frontier" in 1958, although he did some work on additional dialogue for the 1959 film, "Desert Desperadoes". Stevens also wrote several television episodes, one for "Cheyenne", and two for "Hawkeye and the Last of the Mohicans", all in 1957.

Title: The Lone Gunmen

The Lone Gunmen are a trio of fictional characters, Richard "Ringo" Langly, Melvin Frohike and John Fitzgerald Byers, who appeared in recurring roles on the American television series "The X-Files", and who starred in the short-lived spin-off, "The Lone Gunmen". Their name was derived from the Warren Commission's conclusion that Lee Harvey Oswald was solely responsible for the assassination of John F. Kennedy.

Title: Hermanos de Pistoleros Latinos

Hermandad de Pistoleros Latinos (HPL, a.k.a. Pistoleros Latinos or Cuetes) is a Latino prison gang founded by Chino Avitia in Texas during the early 1980s. The English translation of the gang's name is "Brotherhood of Latin Gunmen". It operates in all Texas prisons and on the streets in many communities in Texas, particularly in Laredo. HPL is active throughout Mexico with its largest contingent in Nuevo Laredo. The gang is structured and is estimated to have 1,000 members. Members maintain close ties to several Mexican drug trafficking organizations and are involved in the trafficking of large quantities of cocaine and marijuana from Mexico into the United States for distribution.

Title: Piranha (1972 film)

Piranha, also known as Piranha, Piranha or Caribe, is a 1972 adventure film shot in Venezuela starring William Smith and Peter Brown who had previously starred together in the "Laredo" Western TV series and Ahna Capri.

Title: Gunmen from Laredo

Gunmen from Laredo is a 1959 American western film produced and directed by Wallace MacDonald, which stars Robert Knapp, Maureen Hingert, and Walter Coy.

Title: Seemanto-heera

Sheemanto heera (The Frontier Diamond) is a detective novella written in Bengali by Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay featuring the sleuth Byomkesh Bakshi and Ajit Bandyopadhyay. Written in 1934, it is the third such work of fiction featuring Byomkesh and is written in first-person narrative, as experienced by Byomkesh's friend, associate, and narrator, Ajit Bandyopadhyay.

Title: Frontier Texas!

Frontier Texas! is a 14000 sqft museum of the American West in downtown Abilene, the seat of Taylor County in West Texas. The museum serves as a visitors information center for the Texas Forts Trail, one of ten Texas Historical Commission driving regions. Opened in 2004 at 625 North First Street on 6.4 acre near the Texas and Pacific Railway tracks, the museum focuses on settlers and lifestyles in the Old West. Exhibits display attacks by Indians and wolves, stampeding buffalo, a card game shootout, and a prairie thunderstorm. Visitors see depictions of buffalo hunters, Comanche warriors, explorers, and pioneers in the theatre called the "Century of Adventure", 1780-1880. The narrator in the theater is actor-artist Buck Taylor from Fort Worth.

Title: Walter Coy

Walter Darwin Coy (January 31, 1909 – December 11, 1974) was an American stage, radio, film, and, principally, television actor, originally from Great Falls, Montana. He was best known for narrating the NBC western anthology series, "Frontier", which aired early Sunday evenings in the 1955–1956 season.

Title: Max McLean

Max McLean is the founder and artistic director of Fellowship for Performing Arts, a New York City-based producer of live theater from a Christian worldview. McLean conceived, adapted, produced and starred in "The Screwtape Letters", a play based on the book by Oxford and Cambridge scholar, author and fantasy writer C.S. Lewis. His stage adaptation of Lewis’ "The Great Divorce" launched its national tour in late 2013. McLean adapted, co-directed and starred in "C.S. Lewis Onstage: The Most Reluctant Convert", and co-wrote and produced "Martin Luther on Trial". McLean also is the narrator of The Listener's Bible.

Title: Bruce Harwood

Bruce Harwood (born April 29, 1963) is a Canadian character actor best known for his role of John Fitzgerald Byers, one of The Lone Gunmen on the television series "The X-Files". In addition to "The X-Files", Harwood portrayed Byers in the spin-off series "The Lone Gunmen", which aired thirteen episodes in 2001. He has also played other roles with a strong similarity to Byers, such as Willis, a technician from the Phoenix Foundation in "MacGyver", and government-scientist-turned-conspiracy-theorist Dr. Avery Strong in "The Outer Limits". He was a founding member of the Vancouver summer Shakespeare festival, Bard on the Beach. He also starred in the 1988 movie "Earth Star Voyager".

Title: Pantun Sunda

Pantun Sunda is a type of Sundanese oral narrative performance interspersed with songs and music played on a "kacapi", a kind of zither. A pantun is intended to be recited during an evening-length performance during which a single performer relates the story of a hero’s initiation: The protagonist leaves his kingdom in order to seek experiences, beautiful princesses to become his wife, power, other kingdoms to subject, the realization of a dream (Rosidi 1984a:143); after having succeeded in reaching his goal he finally returns to his kingdom. Alongside descriptions of historical events, the stories often contain mythical elements. Pantun were originally not written down, the bards often being illiterate and in many cases blind. Originally the performances had a sacred character, as was clear from the offerings made at the beginning of the recitation and also from the content of the introductory part of the story, called rajah, which was an invocatory song, imploring the help of divine figures to ward off bad influences. The linguistic form of the pantun was not strictly fixed, however the dominant form employed in most pantun is the octosyllabic verse. For a detailed description of the nature and form of a Sundanese pantun you are referred to Eringa (1949), to Hermansoemantri (1977–79).

Title: Bubu music

Bubu music is traditional music played by the Temne people in Sierra Leone. The music was originally used in witchcraft ceremonies, but later it turned into a popular religious processional style played during Ramadan. In its folk form, the music is played by blowing on bamboo cane flutes and on metal pipes -often repurposed auto parts.

Title: Peşrev

Peşrev (pronounced ] in Turkish), "Pişrev" ([piʃˈɾev] ), "peshrev," or "pishrev;" called "bashraf" بشرف in Arabic; is an instrumental form in Turkish classical music. It is the name of the first piece of music played during a group performance called a fasıl (] ). It also serves as the penultimate piece of the "Mevlevi ayini", ritual music of the Mevlevi order, under the name "son peşrev" (final peşrev), preceding "son semai". It usually uses long rhythm cycles, stretching over many measures as opposed to the simpler usul the other major form of instrumental music uses, "saz semai".

Title: Skiffle

Skiffle is a music genre with jazz, blues, folk and American folk influences, usually using a combination of manufactured and homemade or improvised instruments. Originating as a term in the United States in the first half of the 20th century, it became popular again in the UK in the 1950s, where it was associated with artists such as Lonnie Donegan, The Vipers Skiffle Group, Ken Colyer and Chas McDevitt. Skiffle played a major part in beginning the careers of later eminent jazz, pop, blues, folk and rock musicians and has been seen as a critical stepping stone to the second British folk revival, blues boom and British Invasion of the US popular music scene.

Title: Cachi Cachi music

Cachi Cachi music, also spelled Kachi Kachi, Kachi-Kachi and Katchi-Katchi, is a term that was coined to refer to music played by Puerto Ricans in Hawaii, when they migrated to Hawaii. It is a "variation of dance music found in Hawaii". Sometimes cachi cachi "involves fast, improvised solos" on the guitar. The "influence on Hawai'i endures to this day in the musical form known as "cachi cachi" played on the quarto [sic] and derivative of the Puerto Rican jibaro style." "Jibaro" means peasant in Spanish.

Title: Background music

Background music refers to various styles of music or soundscapes primarily intended to be passively listened to. It is not meant to be the main focus of an audience, but rather to supplement that which is meant to be focused upon. Music that is played at a low volume and is not the main focus of an audience is also referred to as background music. Traditional examples of background music include music played at various social gatherings and music played in certain retail venues. It is also common to employ background music in various electronic media including film, television, video games, and Internet videos such as video blogs.

Title: Kantrum

Kantrum (Thai กันตรึม) is a type of folk music played by the Khmer in Isan, Thailand, living near the border with Cambodia. It is a fast, traditional dance music. In its purest form, cho-kantrum, singers, percussion and fiddles dominate the sound. A more modern form using electric instrumentation arose in the mid-1980s.

Title: Chillador

A chillador is a very small guitar-shaped fretted stringed instrument, usually with 10, 12, or 14 metal strings, in paired or tripled courses.It is played in Peru and in some border areas in Bolivia, usually has 5 courses like its cousin, the charango. The sort of music played on chillador it is very much like the music played on charango. The main difference between charango and chillador is that the charango soundbox is made of an armadillo shell while the chillador is just a little guitar.

Title: Die Rhöner Säuwäntzt

Die Rhöner Säuwäntzt are a Skiffle-Bluesband from Eichenzell-Lütter in Hessen, Germany. The line-up consists of Martin Caba, Christoph Günther and Christoph Leipold playing Skiffle-Blues with lyrics based on Rhön Mountains dialect and other Hessian dialects varieties. The expression "Säuwäntzt" means pork belly and refers also to untidy or unruly children and youth.

Title: Minoru Kojima

Minoru Kojima (born 11 October 1968) was the original guitarist for Japanese experimental punk band The Mad Capsule Markets. He is also known as Scene or Shin Murohime, which is apparently a conglomeration of characters from the names of different Boøwy members. He started The Mad Capsule Markets (which at the time was called Berrie) in 1985, with vocalist Hiroshi Kyono, in an attempt to create "loud, punk music" after becoming "bored" with music played on television and radio. After the release of Mad's Noël Coward "Humanity", Minoru left the band and was replaced by "support guitarist" Ai Ishigaki. In 1991 Minoru started Die in Cries and in 1994 became a member of The Bloody Imitation Society. Over the years Minoru worked with more bands and even went solo for a short time before returning to Mad to play on "Good Day" from their album "010" and playing on their "Cistm Konfliqt" tour.

Title: Winston Lagoon

Winston Lagoon ( ) is a lagoon indenting the southeast coast of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean, about 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) northeast of Cape Lockyer. The feature is roughly portrayed on an American sealer chart of the 1860 period. It was sighted from the air by Lieutenant Malcolm Smith, RAAF, pilot of the ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) seaplane that made the first reconnaissance flight over the island in 1948. Lieutenant Smith proposed that it be named Lake Winston after his wife. In view of his death in an aircraft accident shortly afterward, this proposal was adopted by Australian Antarctic Names and Medals Committee (ANCA) with only a change of generic term. Click here to see a map of Heard Island and McDonald Islands, including all major topographical features.

Title: Malcolm Smith (American football)

Malcolm Xavier Smith (born July 5, 1989) is an American football linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL). Smith played college football at USC. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the seventh round of the 2011 NFL Draft. Smith was named the Most Valuable Player of Super Bowl XLVIII after they defeated the Denver Broncos.

Title: Super Bowl XLVIII

Super Bowl XLVIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos and National Football Conference (NFC) champion Seattle Seahawks to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2013 season. The Seahawks defeated the Broncos 43–8, the largest margin of victory for an underdog and tied for the third largest point differential overall (35) in Super Bowl history with Super Bowl XXVII (1993). It was the first time the winning team scored over 40 points, while holding their opponent to under 10. This became the first Super Bowl victory for the Seahawks and the fifth Super Bowl loss for the Broncos, the most of any team. The game was played on February 2, 2014, at MetLife Stadium at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey, the first Super Bowl played outdoors in a cold-weather city and the first Super Bowl to be played on a February 2.

Title: 2013 NBA Summer League

The 2013 NBA Summer League is a pro basketball league run by the NBA just after the 2013 NBA draft. It gives newly drafted players a chance to test their skills against each other, and to give them a feel for professional basketball. All 30 NBA teams participated, along with the D-League Select. The Miami Heat were the only team to participate in both Summer Leagues. It ran from July 7–12 in Orlando and July 12–22 in Las Vegas. Jeremy Lamb of the Oklahoma City Thunder was named the Most Valuable Player of the Orlando Summer League. Jonas Valančiūnas of the Toronto Raptors went on to be named the Most Valuable Player of the Las Vegas Summer League. Ian Clark of the Golden State Warriors was named the Most Valuable Player of the Las Vegas Summer League Championship Game.

Title: Steve Clark (American football)

Stephen Spence Clark (born August 2, 1960) is a former professional American football player who played [[defensive tackle]and offensive guard ] for five seasons for the [[Miami Dolphins]]. He also played on two state championship teams in high school which were a combined (25-1) over two years and was a five team all-American including "Parade Magazine", he was also named Most Valuable Player of the state of Utah. At the University of Utah he was named two time All-WAC defensive tackle, Defensive Most Valuable Player of the Western Athletic Conference and First Team All-American. He also played in the East-West Shrine Game and was named MVP of the Senior Bowl. After the Senior Bowl he was drafted by Don Shula and The Miami Dolphins, his second year in the NFL he played both ways in a pre-season game and Coach Shula knew he had a guy that could back up every position on the offensive and defensive line as well as long snap. He earned a starting position at right guard and played against [[William Perry (American football)|the Fridge]] when the Dolphins beat the Chicago Bears on Monday Night Football to help keep the undefeated Dolphin record intact. In the NFL, he also played on two Super Bowl teams with the Miami Dolphins and was the starting right guard before being injured. Just recently Steve was named to the top 100 greatest players in the history of the University of Utah actually being named 9th best of All-Time.

Title: 1959 Illinois Fighting Illini football team

The 1959 Illinois Fighting Illini football team was an American football team that represented the University of Illinois during the 1959 Big Ten Conference football season. In their 18th year under head coach Ray Eliot, the Illini compiled a 5–3–1 record and finished in a tie for third place in the Big Ten Conference. After the season, guard Bill Burrell was selected as the team's most valuable player and also received the Chicago Tribune Silver Football trophy as the Big Ten's most valuable player.

Title: 103rd Grey Cup

The 103rd Grey Cup was a Canadian football game that was played on November 29, 2015 between the East Division champion Ottawa Redblacks and the West Division champion Edmonton Eskimos to decide the Canadian Football League (CFL) championship for the 2015 season. The game was played at Investors Group Field in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Shaw Communications was the presenting sponsor of the game; it was the first time in CFL history that the Grey Cup has been sponsored. The Eskimos won the contest 26–20 to claim their 14th Grey Cup championship in franchise history and first since 2005. Mike Reilly was named Most Valuable Player and Shamawd Chambers received the Dick Suderman Trophy as Most Valuable Canadian.

Title: Richard Smith (rugby union, born 1973)

Richard Malcolm Smith (born 6 June 1973) is a former rugby union player who played scrum-half for Ebbw Vale RFC, Sale Sharks, Worcester Warriors, Newport RFC, Bristol Rugby, Cardiff RFC, Newbridge RFC, Merthyr RFC and Cardiff Blues. He was a regular in the Wales 22 but only gained one Wales cap as he was being overlooked for Robert Howley and Rupert Moon. He is well known for using the box kick to relieve the pressure posed by the opposition and to also gain territory. He was a very skilful, technical and intelligent rugby player with excellent game management.

Title: Kevin Durant

Kevin Wayne Durant (born September 29, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He has won an NBA championship, an NBA Most Valuable Player Award, the Bill Russell NBA Finals Most Valuable Player Award, the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award, four NBA scoring titles, the NBA Rookie of the Year Award, and two Olympic gold medals. Durant has also been selected to seven All-NBA teams and eight NBA All-Star teams.

Title: Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award

The Super Bowl Most Valuable Player Award, or Super Bowl MVP, is presented annually to the most valuable player of the Super Bowl, the National Football League's (NFL) championship game. The winner is chosen by a fan vote during the game and by a panel of 16 football writers and broadcasters who vote after the game. The media panel's ballots count for 80 percent of the vote tally, while the viewers' ballots make up the other 20 percent. The game's viewing audience can vote on the Internet or by using cellular phones; Super Bowl XXXV, held in 2001, was the first Super Bowl with fan voting.

Title: Zilpo Road

Zilpo Road is a National Forest Scenic Byway in the forested hills of eastern Kentucky, United States. The nine mile byway starts south of Morehead, Kentucky and can be accessed by U.S. Highway 60. The byway travels through the Daniel Boone National Forest and ends on the western shore of Cave Run Lake at the Zilpo Recreation Area. It follows FSR 918, which is a two lane paved road suitable for all motor vehicles and is usually open throughout the year.

Title: RISE (sculpture)

RISE is a concept £400,000 public art spherical metal sculpture in Belfast by Wolfgang Buttress. It is 37.5 m high and 30 m wide and was constructed in early 2011 in the centre of the Broadway roundabout, at the junction of the Westlink and M1 motorway, a main gateway to the city where (as of 2009) more than 80,000 cars on average flow past it each day. It is informally known as The Balls on the Falls as this junction also gives access to the Falls Road area via Broadway.

Title: Peterman Hill

Peterman Hill is an unincorporated community located on a high ridge in Boyd County, Kentucky, on the Catlettsburg-Cannonsburg Pike (the Cannonsburg Road), three miles (5 km) west of Catlettsburg. The road was originally known as Midland Trail and later U.S. 60 alternate until 1964 when it reverted to county maintenance. It is now State Route 3294.

Title: Arkansas Highway 113

Arkansas Highway 113 (AR 113 and Hwy. 113) is a north–south state highway that runs in Central Arkansas. The route runs 29.48 mi from Arkansas Highway 10 to Morrilton. This also gives access to some rural areas west of Morrilton. It runs through Pulaski, Perry, and Conway Counties. It contains no spur of business routes.

Title: California State Route 266

State Route 266 (SR 266) is a state highway in the U.S. state of California. The route traverses Fish Lake Valley, which is part in California and part in Nevada. The route connects two Nevada state routes that traverse the Nevada portion of the valley, NV 264 and NV 266. The only connection from SR 266 to the rest of California's road network is via SR 168. Prior to 1986 the southern and northern halves of modern SR 266 had separate numerical designations. The southern portion of the highway, along with modern SR 168, dates to the auto trail era, forming part of the Midland Trail.

Title: Morehead, Kentucky

Morehead is a home rule-class city located along US 60 (the historic Midland Trail) and Interstate 64 in Rowan County, Kentucky, in the United States. It is the seat of its county. The population was 6,845 at the time of the 2010 U.S. census.

Title: Roman bridge of Salamanca

The Roman bridge of Salamanca (in Spanish: "Puente romano de Salamanca"), also known as Puente Mayor del Tormes is a Roman bridge crossing the Tormes River on the banks of the city of Salamanca, in Castile and León, Spain. The importance of the bridge as a symbol of the city can be seen in the first quartering of city's coat of arms (along with its stone bull-verraco.) Has been known traditionally as "puente mayor" and as "puente prinçipal" (main bridge) which gives access to the southern part of the city. The bridge is presented in the 21st century as a result of several restorations. One of the disasters that most affected it was the Flood of San Policarpo (January 26's night) of year 1626. It is declared Artistic Historic Monument on June 3, 1931, and Bien de Interés Cultural since 1998. Until the beginning of 20th century it did not lose its status as the single point of access to the city, and for many years continued to bear heavy traffic. From the construction of a third bridge for road traffic it remains a unique way of pedestrian and walking uses.

Title: Hawks Nest, West Virginia

Hawk's Nest, the site of Hawks Nest State Park, is a peak on Gauley Mountain in Ansted, West Virginia, USA. The cliffs at this point rise 585 ft (178 m) above the New River. Located on the James River and Kanawha Turnpike (the road that served as an extension of the canal across what is now West Virginia), many early travelers on this road stopped to see the view of the river below. In modern times, the Midland Trail carries U.S. Route 60 through the same general route. Ample parking at the overlook in the state park provides tourists with free access to the views.

Title: Hawaii Route 64

Route 64 is a three-mile (5 km) road that stretches from Nimitz Highway (Hawaii Route 92) to the entrance of Sand Island State Recreation Area just west of downtown Honolulu. The route also goes by the street name as Sand Island Parkway. The route gives access to Sand Island State Recreation Area and the U.S. Coast Guard Honolulu Branch by crossing the Kapalama Channel.

Title: Glen Ferris, West Virginia

Glen Ferris is a census-designated place (CDP) on the western bank of the Kanawha River in Fayette County, West Virginia. It is situated approximately one mile south of the town of Gauley Bridge. The sole highway linking Glen Ferris to the area is U.S. Route 60, known also as the Midland Trail. As of the 2010 census, its population was 203; the community had 104 housing units, 87 of which were occupied. The village is roughly a mile and a half in length. Glen Ferris is home to two churches, one Apostolic and one Methodist. A railway owned by Norfolk Southern runs parallel to US Route 60 through the village.

Title: Shane Stanley

Shane Stanley (born June 15, 1971 in Los Angeles) is a multi-Emmy Award-winning filmmaker and founder of Visual Arts Entertainment, a film and television production company based in Los Angeles. Best known for executive producing "Gridiron Gang" starring Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson for Sony Pictures and directing Bret Michaels music videos supporting the hit show "Rock of Love". Stanley, a four-time nominee, was the youngest to ever win a production Emmy Award, winning his first at sixteen and his second at nineteen for his work on The Desperate Passage Series. Stanley made his directorial debut helming his own screenplay "A Sight for Sore Eyes" which starred Academy Award nominee Gary Busey. Besides being honored with dozens of prestigious awards and film festival honors, the film was invited to screen at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005 and won Best Drama at the International Family Film Festival in 2006.

Title: Robert Cummings

Charles Clarence Robert Orville Cummings, known as Bob Cummings (June 9, 1910 – December 2, 1990), was an American film and television actor known mainly for his roles in comedy films such as "The Devil and Miss Jones" (1941) and "Princess O'Rourke" (1943), but was also effective in dramatic films, especially two of Alfred Hitchcock's thrillers, "Saboteur" (1942) and "Dial M for Murder" (1954). Cummings received five Primetime Emmy Award nominations, and won the Primetime Emmy Award for Best Actor in a Single Performance in 1955. On February 8, 1960, he received two stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion picture and television industries. The motion picture star is at 6816 Hollywood Boulevard, the television star is on 1718 Vine Street.

Title: Beau Bridges

Lloyd Vernet "Beau" Bridges III (born December 9, 1941) is an American actor and director. He is a three-time Emmy, two-time Golden Globe and one-time Grammy Award winner. He is also a two-time Screen Actors Guild Award nominee. Bridges was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on April 7, 2003 at 7065 Hollywood Boulevard for his contributions to the television industry. He is the son of actor Lloyd Bridges and elder brother of fellow actor Jeff Bridges.

Title: Annette Bening

Annette Carol Bening (born May 29, 1958) is an American actress. She began her career on stage with the Colorado Shakespeare Festival company in 1980, and played Lady Macbeth in 1984 at the American Conservatory Theatre. She was nominated for the 1987 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for her Broadway debut in "Coastal Disturbances". She is a four-time Academy Award nominee; for "The Grifters" (1990), "American Beauty" (1999), "Being Julia" (2004) and "The Kids Are All Right" (2010). In 2006, she received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Title: Farrah Fawcett

Farrah Fawcett (born Ferrah Leni Fawcett; February 2, 1947 – June 25, 2009) was an American actress, model, and artist. A four-time Emmy Award nominee and six-time Golden Globe Award nominee, Fawcett rose to international fame when she posed for her iconic red swimsuit poster – which became the best selling pin-up poster in history – and starred as private investigator Jill Munroe in the first season of the television series "Charlie's Angels" (1976–1977). In 1996, she was ranked No. 26 on "TV Guide"'s "50 Greatest TV stars of All-Time".

Title: List of stars on the Hollywood Walk of Fame

The following is a list of the stars' actual locations on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The list does not include a star's name until his or her actual award ceremony, as on multiple occasions and for various reasons stars have been withdrawn prior to the award ceremony. The list should be consistent with the list on the Hollywood Walk of Fame website maintained by the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The stars are ordered alphabetically by surname.

Title: Kevin Bacon

Kevin Norwood Bacon (born July 8, 1958) is an American actor and musician. His notable films include musical-drama film "Footloose" (1984), the controversial historical conspiracy legal thriller "JFK" (1991), the legal drama "A Few Good Men" (1992), the historical docudrama "Apollo 13" (1995), and the mystery drama "Mystic River" (2003). Bacon is also known for taking on darker roles such as that of a sadistic guard in "Sleepers" (1996) and troubled former child abuser in a critically acclaimed performance in "The Woodsman" (2004). He is equally prolific on television, having starred in the Fox drama series "The Following" (2013–2015). For the HBO original film "Taking Chance" (2009), Bacon won a Golden Globe Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award, also receiving a Primetime Emmy Award nomination. " The Guardian" named him one of the best actors never to have received an Academy Award nomination. In 2003, Bacon received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame for his contributions to the motion pictures industry.

Title: Larry R. Williams

Larry Richard Williams (born October 6, 1942) is an American author, stock and commodity trader, and politician from the state of Montana. He is the father of four-time Academy Award and one-time Tony Award nominee actress Michelle Williams.

Title: The Great Outdoors (film)

The Great Outdoors is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Howard Deutch, and written and produced by John Hughes. It stars Dan Aykroyd, John Candy, Stephanie Faracy and Annette Bening in her film debut.

Title: John Lithgow

John Arthur Lithgow ( ; born October 19 , 1945) is an American actor, musician, singer, comedian, voice actor, and author. He has received two Tony Awards, six Emmy Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, three Screen Actors Guild Awards, an American Comedy Award, four Drama Desk Awards and has also been nominated for two Academy Awards and four Grammy Awards. Lithgow has received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and has been inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame.

Title: Joey Vera

Joseph "Joey" Vera (born April 24, 1963) is an American heavy metal bassist who is known as a member of the heavy metal band Armored Saint and the progressive metal band Fates Warning. In 2004-2005 he replaced Frank Bello in Anthrax as the band's bassist, but did not record with them. He was also a member of Engine, recorded with Tribe After Tribe, and appears on the OSI album "Free". His first solo album, "A Thousand Faces", was released in 1994. His current solo project, A Chinese Firedrill, released an album titled "Circles" in 2007.

Title: Hurt Locker (musical)

Hurt Locker The Musical is a fictional musical in the 2014 Broadway premiere production of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch". In the Broadway performance of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch" the musical opens with Hedwig explaining that the musical only ran for a single night before closing during intermission, and that she has convinced a producer to let her perform in what would otherwise be an empty stage. Fake Playbills for the musical are used as props and are found scattered on the floor of the Belasco Theatre and contains advertisements for other fake musicals based on feature films such as "Gravity on Ice", "Container Store: The Musical", "The Entire Bible", and "SoulCycle on Broadway". The Playbills, which describe the musical as having "explosions, negligible storytelling, camouflage and tits", also state that the musical's cast included actors such as Taye Diggs (who would go on to play the role of Hedwig in the summer of 2015) and that the music was written by Metallica and Stephen R. Schwartz, which is the real name of "Hedwig" songwriter Stephen Trask.

Title: Obús

Obús is a Spanish heavy metal band created in Madrid in the early 80s. They stood out because they took the risk of making a big spectacle in their concerts in order to reach to the level of other international heavy metal bands. In addition, the lyrics they write and the feelings they transmit connect with the people that follow them. As they said in an interview: "All our songs , some more and some less, have a meaning". Far away from renouncing to their genre, they have always claimed that they were a heavy metal band and they even wrote a song about this genre in their first LP called"Dosis de Heavy Metal". In 2012, because of their 30th anniversary, they did a Tour around Spain.

Title: Metal Health

Metal Health is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Quiet Riot. It was released on March 11, 1983, bolstered by the No. 5 hit "Cum On Feel the Noize" and the No. 31 hit "Metal Health". "Metal Health" is notable for being the first heavy metal album to reach the top spot on the "Billboard" 200, replacing the Police's "Synchronicity" at number one in November 1983. The album went on to sell more than six million copies and is considered a classic among heavy metal fans. Some critics, such as AllMusic, describe it as a one-hit wonder, owing to Quiet Riot's relative lack of critical and commercial success with following albums (and subsequent disintegration) towards the end of the 1980s. The title track was ranked No. 35 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs.

Title: Joey Jordison

Nathan Jonas "Joey" Jordison (born April 26, 1975), is an American musician, songwriter, record producer and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his work as the former drummer and co-songwriter for the American heavy metal band Slipknot as well as guitarist in the American horror punk band Murderdolls. Jordison played in Slipknot since their formation in 1995 until his departure from the band in December 2013. He was the drummer and founder of the American heavy metal band Scar the Martyr which formed in 2013 and disbanded in 2016. He grew up in Waukee, Iowa with his parents and two sisters, and was given his first drum kit at the age of 8. He performed in several bands until joining in the summer of 1995 with the group The Pale Ones, which would later change their name to Slipknot. Of Slipknot's nine-member lineup which lasted from 1999–2010, Joey was the third to join the band.

Title: Black 'n Blue

Black 'N Blue is an American heavy metal band from Portland, Oregon. The current members are singer Jaime St. James, bassist Patrick Young, drummer Pete Holmes, guitarist Bob Capka, and guitarist Brandon Cook.

Title: Machine Head (band)

Machine Head is an American heavy metal band from Oakland, California. Formed on October 12, 1991, the group was founded by vocalist/guitarist Robb Flynn and bassist Adam Duce. The current lineup of the band comprises Flynn, drummer Dave McClain, guitarist Phil Demmel and bassist Jared MacEachern. Machine Head is one of the pioneering bands in the new wave of American heavy metal.

Title: Dan Spitz

Daniel Alan Spitz (born January 28, 1963) is an American musician and watchmaker best known for his work as the lead guitarist, principal songwriter and co-producer of the American heavy metal band Anthrax from 1983 to 1995 and from 2005 to 2008. With Anthrax, Spitz was nominated for three Grammy awards and has been awarded platinum and multiple platinum RIAA certified albums for his entire Anthrax catalog of work. Dan Spitz is the first heavy metal songwriter to have his music playing on two planets. NASA chose his song alongside only 9 other artists such as Frank Sinatra and the Beatles to be played on the Lunar Rover Curiosity making him the first heavy metal artist to have a top 10 charting song on two planets. Spitz also founded the Christian music group Red Lamb alongside Dave Mustaine of Megadeth as his writing partner, the first to bring autism awareness into any genre of music or music video.

Title: Nu metal

Nu metal (also known as nü-metal and aggro-metal ) is a form of alternative metal that combines elements of heavy metal music with elements of other music genres such as hip hop, alternative rock, funk and grunge. Nu metal bands have drawn elements and influences from a variety of musical styles, including multiple genres of heavy metal. Nu metal rarely features guitar solos; the genre is heavily syncopated and based on guitar riffs. Many nu metal guitarists use seven-string guitars that are down-tuned to play a heavier sound. DJs are occasionally featured in nu metal to provide instrumentation such as sampling, turntable scratching and electronic backgrounds. Vocal styles in nu metal include singing, rapping, screaming and growling. Nu metal is one of the key genres of the new wave of American heavy metal.

Title: Metallica

Metallica is an American heavy metal band based in San Rafael, California. The band was formed in 1981 in Los Angeles when vocalist/guitarist James Hetfield responded to an advertisement posted by drummer Lars Ulrich in a local newspaper. Metallica's current lineup comprises founding members Hetfield and Ulrich, longtime lead guitarist Kirk Hammett, and bassist Robert Trujillo. Guitarist Dave Mustaine (who went on to form Megadeth) and bassists Ron McGovney, Cliff Burton, and Jason Newsted are also former members of the band.

Title: My Finale

"My Finale" is the hour-long season finale for season eight of the American sitcom "Scrubs". It was originally broadcast as episodes 18 and 19 of season eight on May 6, 2009, and was intended to be the series finale during production. However, the episode was billed as the "Scrubs finale" as at the time of airing it was unknown whether this would be the series finale or the season finale. The show ended up returning for a ninth season. As the show underwent many changes for the ninth and final season, this is the last episode in which all of the main cast appear as series regulars.

Title: Desperate Housewives (season 2)

The second season of the American dramedy-mystery television series "Desperate Housewives" commenced airing in the United States on September 25, 2005 and concluded on May 21, 2006. The season continues the story of the Wisteria Lane residents, while their seemingly perfect lives in the suburban neighborhood are shaken by the arrival of the mysterious Betty Applewhite. Broadcast in the Sunday night time slot at 9.00 ET, the season aired twenty-four regular episodes, including a two-part season finale. In addition, three clip shows were produced for the season, in order to put the previous events of the show in perspective. " All the Juicy Details" aired before the eleventh episode, detailing the most memorable events of the season's first half, whereas "The More You Know, The Juicier It Gets", which aired before the twentieth episode, prepared the viewers for the highly anticipated season finale. " Time to Come Clean" aired three weeks before the inception of the third season, and reviewed the previous mysteries of the series before introducing the new story lines. The second season had fourteen roles receiving star billing, out of whom eleven were part of the first season's main cast. The main story lines of the season were Susan Mayer's relationship with her former husband, Gabrielle Solis' upcoming motherhood, Lynette Scavo's return to work and the death of Bree Van de Kamp's husband.

Title: List of Republic of Doyle episodes

This is a list of episodes for the Canadian crime series "Republic of Doyle". The series debuted on CBC Television on January 6, 2010 with 969,000 viewers. The season finale aired on April 7, 2010 and drew 1,120,000 viewers. The second season debuted on January 12, 2011 with 1,038,000 viewers. The second-season finale aired on April 6, 2011 and drew 1,265,000 viewers. The third season debuted on January 11, 2012 with 1,361,000 viewers, and the season finale drew 968,000 viewers.

Title: Human Error (House)

"Human Error" is the twenty-fourth episode and season finale of the third season of "House" and the seventieth episode overall.

Title: The Price of Free and Fair Elections

"The Price of Free and Fair Elections" is the 18th episode and season finale of the third season of the American political thriller television series "Scandal", and is the 47th overall episode. It aired on April 17, 2014 on ABC in the United States. The episode was written by showrunner Shonda Rhimes and executive producer Mark Wilding and directed by executive producer Tom Verica. The season finale was originally supposed to be the 22nd episode, but because of the show's lead Kerry Washington's pregnancy, the episode count was trimmed by ABC by four episodes, leading the season finale to be the 18th episode.

Title: Robert Chase

Robert Chase, MBBS is a fictional character on the Fox medical drama "House". He is portrayed by Jesse Spencer. His character was a part of the team of diagnosticians who worked under Gregory House until the end of the third season when House fires him. However, he resumed work at the hospital as a surgeon, and was re-hired by House in season 6. Robert Chase is the longest-serving member of House's staff. Chase has been attracted to Allison Cameron since the beginning of the show and embarks on a romantic relationship with her in "Human Error." In "Post Mortem," he left the Diagnostic Team after realizing he was in the same position as he was 10 years earlier, unlike all of the other former members of the team. However, in the series finale, he rejoins the hospital as the new Head of Diagnostic Medicine, replacing House, who is thought to have died.

Title: The Voice Portugal

The Voice Portugal (A Voz de Portugal in the first season) is a Portuguese reality singing competition and local version of The Voice originally broadcast as The Voice of Holland. It premiered on 29 October 2011, on RTP1, with the first season finale airing on February 25, 2012, crowning Denis Filipe as the winner. The show came back in 2014 with its second season with new judges, a new co-host, a new show name, and new "Repórteres V" (backstage hosts). The winner of the second season was Rui Drummond. RTP1 later announced the first season of "The Voice Kids Portugal" and the third season of the main show. The third season premiered October 11, 2015 with new judge, Aurea. In its third season, the show proved to be a hit and was subsequently renewed for a fourth season, which was premiered in 2016.

Title: House (TV series)

House (also called House, M.D.) is an American television medical drama that originally ran on the Fox network for eight seasons, from November 16, 2004 to May 21, 2012. The series' main character is Dr. Gregory House (Hugh Laurie), an unconventional, misanthropic medical genius who, despite his dependence on pain medication, leads a team of diagnosticians at the fictional Princeton–Plainsboro Teaching Hospital (PPTH) in New Jersey. The series' premise originated with Paul Attanasio, while David Shore, who is credited as creator, was primarily responsible for the conception of the title character. The series' executive producers included Shore, Attanasio, Attanasio's business partner Katie Jacobs, and film director Bryan Singer. It was filmed largely in Century City.

Title: Through the Looking Glass (Lost)

"Through the Looking Glass" is the third season finale of the ABC television series "Lost", consisting of the 22nd and 23rd episodes of the third season. It is also the 71st and 72nd episodes overall. It was written by co-creator/executive producer Damon Lindelof and executive producer Carlton Cuse, and directed by executive producer Jack Bender. When first aired on May 23, 2007, in the United States and Canada, it was watched by an average of 14 million American viewers. Like the previous two season finales, it was two hours long with advertisements, twice the length of a normal episode. It was edited into two individual episodes when released on DVD. The season finale is considered by some to be one of the best episodes of television ever broadcast. The episode garnered a number of awards and nominations, including three Primetime Emmy Awards nominations and a Directors Guild of America Award nomination.

Title: Mr. Yin Presents...

"Mr. Yin Presents" (stylized as "Mr. Yin Presents...") is the sixteenth and final episode of the Fourth season of "Psych", and the 63rd episode in the series overall. It premiered on March 10, 2010 on USA Network in the United States. The episode serves as the season 4 finale and is the sequel to the third season's finale, "An Evening with Mr. Yang". It is an important installment in one of the series' few story arcs. A third and final installment of the Yin/Yang series, entitled "Yang 3 in 2D", aired as the fifth season finale.

Title: Last Dance (Dua Lipa song)

"Last Dance" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album (2017). Lipa wrote the song with Stephen "Koz" Kozmeniuk and Talay Riley, with Kozmeniuk handling the song's production. It was released on 9 February 2016 as the album's second single. The track appears on the deluxe edition of "Dua Lipa". It peaked at number four on the "Billboard" Twitter Emerging Artists chart, spending seven weeks on it.

Title: Dua Lipa

Dua Lipa ( ; ] ; born 22 August 1995) is an English singer, songwriter and model. Her musical career began at age 16, when she began covering songs by other artists on YouTube. In 2015, she was signed with Warner Music Group, and released her first single soon after. In December 2016, a documentary about Lipa was commissioned by "The Fader" magazine, titled "See in Blue". In January 2017, she won the EBBA Public Choice Award. Her self-titled debut studio album was released on 2 June 2017. The album spawned seven singles, including the top-10 single "Be the One" and the number-one single "New Rules".

Title: Lost in Your Light

"Lost in Your Light" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa, featuring American singer Miguel. The song was released on 21 April 2017 as the fifth single from Lipa's eponymous debut studio album. It was released as an instant-grat track to those who pre-ordered the song on the iTunes Store. The song was written by Lipa, Miguel, and Rick Nowels, while production was handled by Miguel and Stephen "Koz" Kozmeniuk. The accompanying music video, directed by Henry Schofield, was filmed in Los Angeles and premiered on 26 May 2017.

Title: Be the One (Dua Lipa song)

"Be the One" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album (2017). It was written by Lucy Taylor, Digital Farm Animals and Jack Tarrant, and produced by Digital Farm Animals. The song was released on 30 October 2015 as the album's lead single.

Title: Hotter than Hell Tour (Dua Lipa)

Hotter than Hell Tour is the second official concert tour by English singer Dua Lipa, in support of her debut studio album "Dua Lipa" (2017). It is named after her hit single "Hotter than Hell".

Title: Blow Your Mind (Mwah)

"Blow Your Mind (Mwah)" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album (2017). It was released on 26 August 2016 as the album's fourth single. The song debuted at number 50 and peaked at number 30 on the UK Singles Chart; in the United States, it reached number 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Lipa's first song to chart in the country. It also topped the "Billboard" Dance Club Songs chart, becoming Lipa's first number-one single on that chart.

Title: US and Europe Tour

The US and Europe Tour is the third official concert tour by English singer Dua Lipa. The tour supports her debut studio album "Dua Lipa" (2017). The tour began on 24 February 2017 in Chicago.

Title: Dua Lipa (album)

Dua Lipa is the debut studio album by English singer Dua Lipa. It was released on 2 June 2017 by Warner Bros. Records. The lyrical themes revolve around her personal views of love, rising above, sex and self-empowerment.

Title: New Rules (song)

"New Rules" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album (2017). The track was written by Caroline Ailin, Emily Warren and Ian Kirkpatrick, while production was handled by the latter. It was released to contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom on 21 July 2017 as the album's sixth single. It impacted the same format in the United States on 22 August 2017.

Title: Hotter than Hell (Dua Lipa song)

"Hotter than Hell" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa from her eponymous debut studio album (2017). It was written by Lipa, Adam Midgley, Tommy Baxter and Gerard O'Connell, and produced by Stephen "Koz" Kozmeniuk. The song was released on 6 May 2016 as the album's third single. "Hotter than Hell" peaked at number 15 on the UK Singles Chart, while reaching the top 20 in Australia, Belgium and the Netherlands.

Title: Kamala Harris

Kamala Devi Harris ( , ; born October 20, 1964) is an American attorney and politician. A member of the Democratic Party, she currently serves as the junior senator from California. She previously served as the 32nd Attorney General of California.

Title: Maryland Attorney General election, 2014

The Maryland Attorney General election of 2014 was held on November 4, 2014, to elect the Attorney General of Maryland. Incumbent Democratic Attorney General Doug Gansler was eligible to seek a third term in office, but instead ran unsuccessfully for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Maryland.

Title: Corey Palumbo

Corey Lee Palumbo (born August 16, 1972) is a West Virginia State Senator representing the 17th district in the West Virginia Senate. A state senator since 2009, he previously served as a member of the West Virginia House of Delegates from 2003 to 2009. He is the son of Mario Palumbo, the 32nd Attorney General of West Virginia as well as a former five-term state senator.

Title: Catherine Cortez Masto

Catherine Marie Cortez Masto (born March 29, 1964) is an American attorney and politician who is the junior United States Senator from Nevada. She is a member of the Democratic Party. She previously served as the 32nd Attorney General of Nevada from 2007 to 2015.

Title: Joe Heck

Joseph John “Joe” Heck (born October 30, 1961) is an American politician, physician, and U.S. Army Brigadier General who had served as the U.S. Representative for Nevada's 3rd congressional district from 2011 to 2017. Heck, a member of the Republican Party, is a board-certified physician and served as a Nevada State Senator from 2004-08. He ran unsuccessfully against Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto in the general election for the open Nevada United States Senate seat in 2016. In the same year, Heck made headlines by joining a long list of Republicans who opposed the GOP nominee for President, Donald Trump.

Title: List of United States Senators from Nevada

Nevada was admitted to the Union on October 31, 1864. Its current senators are Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto (Class 3) and Republican Dean Heller (Class 1).

Title: Dennis Heck

Dennis Lynn "Denny" Heck (born July 29, 1952) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for Washington's 10th congressional district since 2013. Heck was previously the Democratic nominee for U.S. Representative for the 3rd district in 2010, but was defeated by Jaime Herrera Beutler (R). In 2012 Heck ran and won in the newly created 10th district, defeating Republican Dick Muri.

Title: Samuel D. Jackson

Samuel Dillon Jackson (May 28, 1895March 8, 1951) was a United States Senator from Indiana. Born near Zanesville, Indiana, he attended the public schools of Fort Wayne and graduated from a predecessor of the now Indiana University Robert H. McKinney School of Law in Indianapolis in 1917, gaining admission to the bar the same year. During the First World War, he served as a captain of infantry from 1917 to 1919, and engaged in the practice of law at Fort Wayne in 1919. He was prosecuting attorney of Allen County from 1924 to 1928. He ran unsuccessfully as a Democrat for election in 1928 to the Seventy-first Congress, and was attorney general of Indiana from 1940 to 1941. On January 28, 1944, he was appointed as a Democrat to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Frederick Van Nuys and served from January 28, 1944, to November 13, 1944, when a duly elected successor qualified. Jackson was not a candidate for election to fill the vacancy, and was an unsuccessful Democratic candidate for Governor of Indiana in 1944. He resumed the practice of law, and died in Fort Wayne in 1951; interment was in Lindenwood Cemetery.

Title: George Henry Williams

George Henry Williams (March 26, 1823April 4, 1910) was an American judge and politician. He served as Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court, was the 32nd Attorney General of the United States, and was elected Oregon's U.S. Senator, and served one term. Williams, as U.S. Senator, authored and supported legislation that allowed the U.S. military to be deployed in Reconstruction southern states to allow for an orderly process of readmittance into the United States. Williams was the first presidential Cabinet member to be appointed from the Pacific Coast. As attorney general under President Ulysses S. Grant, Williams continued the prosecutions that shut down the Ku Klux Klan. He had to contend with controversial election disputes in Reconstructed southern states. President Grant and Williams legally recognized P. B. S. Pinchback as the first African American state governor. Williams ruled that the "Virginius", a gun-running ship captured by Spain during the Virginius Affair, did not have the right to bear the U.S. flag. However, he argued that Spain did not have the right to execute American crew members. Nominated for Supreme Court Chief Justice by President Grant, Williams failed to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate primarily due to Williams' removal of A. C. Gibbs United States District Attorney at Portland, Oregon.

Title: Jeff Harris (politician)

Jeff Harris (born October 7, 1964) is an attorney and a Missouri Democratic politician. He represented the 23rd District of Missouri in the Missouri House of Representatives from 2003–2009 and ran unsuccessfully for the office of attorney general in 2008. He served as Minority Floor Leader before giving up the post in order to focus more time on the attorney general race.

Title: USA Drug

USA Drug is a convenience store and pharmacy chain in the United States that operates more than 160 stores in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee. It was founded in Pine Bluff, Arkansas in 1986. Its headquarters are still located in Pine Bluff with additional offices in Little Rock, Arkansas, Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Memphis, Tennessee. Its parent company, Walgreens, operates Super D Drug Stores and Ikes Deep Discount Drug, both acquired in October 1997, and May's Drug, Med-X Drug, Drug Warehouse, and Drug Mart, all acquired in July 2004, as "Part of the USA Drug Family". Wal-Mart and CVS/Pharmacy are two of its primary competitors. The company's slogan is "America's Low Price Drug Store".

Title: Perry Drug Stores

Perry Drug Stores was an American retail pharmacy chain founded in 1957 in the city of Pontiac, Michigan, United States. At its peak in the 1980s, Perry operated more than 200 drug stores, primarily in the state of Michigan, as well as 200 Auto Works auto parts stores and fourteen A. L. Price discount health and beauty aids outlets.

Title: Longs Drugs

Longs Drugs is an American chain with approximately 40 drug stores throughout the state of Hawaii.

Title: Thrifty PayLess

Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc. was a pharmacy holding company that owned the Thrifty Drugs and PayLess Drug Stores chains in the western United States. The combined company was formed in April 1994 when Los Angeles-based TCH Corporation, the parent company of Thrifty Corporation and Thrifty Drug Stores, Inc., acquired the Kmart subsidiary PayLess Drug Stores Northwest, Inc. At the time of the merger, TCH Corporation was renamed Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc. and Thrifty operated 495 stores, PayLess operated 543 stores.

Title: Leader Drug Stores

Leader Drug Stores is a network of over 3,100 independently owned and operated pharmacies. It has a business affiliation with Cardinal Health, which sponsors the network and owns the name "Leader Drug Stores". Cardinal Health also owns the franchise chain The Medicine Shoppe. It operates like a retailers' cooperative, though it is not owned by its members.

Title: Gray Drug

Gray Drug was a drugstore chain in Cleveland, Ohio. The chain began in 1912 and grew to 46 stores by 1946 and over 100 by the 1970s. Besides Ohio, stores later opened in Florida and Maryland. The chain later acquired Drug Fair in 1981, shortly before Sherwin Williams bought the chain. Gray Drug acquired several Cunningham Drug stores in 1982.

Title: Hartig Drug

Hartig Drug Stores is a chain of pharmacy/retail stores based out of Dubuque, Iowa. The company provides pharmacy services not only to the general public, but to area institutions as well. Along with this pharmacy focus, Hartig Drug stores offer convenience retail items. The company has operated for over 100 years; currently, it is the second-oldest family-run pharmacy chain in the United States.

Title: Warren Bryant

Warren Bryant was the CEO of Longs Drugs Store Corporation out of California prior to the retail chain's acquisition by CVS/Caremark. Hired in 2002 to Longs, he was Senior Vice President of The Kroger Company. , a retail grocery chain, from 1999 to 2002. Prior to that, from 1996 to 1999, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Dillon Companies, Inc., a retail grocery chain and subsidiary of The Kroger Co. He is also a director of OfficeMax Incorporated.

Title: Cunningham Drug (U.S.)

Cunningham Drug was a drugstore chain based in Detroit, Michigan. Founded in October 1889 by Andrew Cunningham, the chain operated primarily within the state of Michigan, and was once the largest drugstore chain in the state. Its Michigan locations were closed and reopened in 1982 as Apex Drug, and were later sold to Perry Drug Stores. The last stores remained open in Florida until 1991, when they were sold to Walgreens.

Title: Rexall

Rexall is a chain of American drugstores, and the name of their store-branded products. The stores, having roots in the federation of United Drug Stores starting in 1903, licensed the Rexall brand name to as many as 12,000 drug stores across the United States from 1920 to 1977. (The "Rex" in the name came from the common Rx abbreviation for medical prescriptions.)

Title: Mike Dmitrich

Mike Dmitrich (born 1936) is an American politician and Natural Resource Consultant from Utah. A Democrat, he served as a member of the Utah State Senate, representing the state's 27th senate district in Price. Dmitrich served as the Minority Leader in the Utah Senate. Prior to being elected to the Utah Senate Dmitrich served in the State House from 1969 to 1992. He retired prior to the 2008 elections and was replaced by David P. Hinkins.

Title: Maurice A. Donahue

Maurice A. Donahue (September 21, 1918 – January 13, 1999) is an American politician who served as President of the Massachusetts Senate from 1964 to 1971.

Title: John Hoeven

John Henry Hoeven III (born March 13, 1957) is an American politician and the senior United States Senator from North Dakota, in office since 2011. A member of the North Dakota Republican Party, he previously served as the 31st Governor of North Dakota from December 2000 to December 2010. Hoeven was elected to the U.S. Senate in the November 2, 2010 general election. He replaced junior Senator Byron L. Dorgan, who chose not to seek re-election. Hoeven became the senior Senator in 2013 after Kent Conrad retired and was replaced by Heidi Heitkamp, who was once Hoeven's opponent for the Governor's office.

Title: Anne Donahue

Anne de la Blanchetai Donahue is an American politician from the state of Vermont. She has served as a Republican member of the Vermont House of Representatives since 2003, representing the Washington-2 district, which includes the Washington County towns of Berlin and Northfield. She is also editor of "Counterpoint", a quarterly mental health publication distributed for free throughout Vermont.

Title: Sue Donahue

Sue Donahue is an American politician. Donahue was appointed in 2016 to serve in the Arizona State Senate representing the fifth legislative district as a member of the Republican Party. Donahue replaced Kelli Ward who resigned to run for the United States Senate. Donahue did not run for re-election in 2016 and was replaced by Sonny Borrelli.

Title: Frank J. Donahue

Frank J. Donahue (1881–1979) was an American politician who served as the Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth, Chairman of the Massachusetts Democratic State Committee, and as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court.

Title: Charles Harlow

Charles W. Harlow (born May 25, 1942) is an American politician from Maine. Harlow served on the Portland, Maine City Council from 1990 to 1999, including a term as ceremonial mayor from 1992 to 1993. In 2004, Harlow was elected as a Democrat to the Maine House of Representatives from District 116. He served until 2010, when he was replaced by his daughter, Denise Harlow.

Title: Kelli Ward

Kelli Ward ("née" Kaznoski; born January 25, 1969) is an American politician and osteopathic physician. A member of the Republican Party, Ward was elected in 2012 to serve in the Arizona State Senate representing the fifth legislative district. She was unopposed for election in 2014. While serving in office, she continued to practice medicine in the emergency departments in Lake Havasu City and Kingman, Arizona.

Title: Dan Donahue

Daniel M. Donahue is an American politician serving in the Massachusetts House of Representatives since September 2013. He is a Worcester resident and a member of the Democratic Party.

Title: Warren Furutani

Warren T. Furutani (born October 16, 1947) is an American politician who served in the California State Assembly. He is a Democrat and a fourth-generation Japanese American. Furutani was elected in a special election in 2008. He replaced Laura Richardson as the member of the US House of Representatives from California's 37th district. Prior to being elected, he served on the Los Angeles Unified School District and then the Los Angeles Community College District Board of Trustees. He was the first Asian Pacific American ever elected to the LAUSD in 1987 and became the board's president in 1991.

Title: Nobody's Daughter

Nobody's Daughter is the fourth and final studio album by American alternative rock band Hole, released worldwide on April 27, 2010, through Mercury Records. The album was originally conceived by Hole frontwoman Courtney Love as a solo project titled "How Dirty Girls Get Clean", following her poorly received solo debut "America's Sweetheart" (2004). Much of the material featured on "Nobody's Daughter" originated from studio sessions for "How Dirty Girls Get Clean", which had been conceived in 2006 after a multitude of legal issues, drug addiction, and rehabilitation sentences had left Love "suicidal". Love financed the making of the record herself, which cost nearly two million dollars.

Title: Courtney Love filmography

Courtney Love is an American musician and actress who began her professional career in film in 1986 with a supporting role in Alex Cox's "Sid and Nancy" (1986); she had prior studied film with experimental director George Kuchar at the San Francisco Art Institute in 1984, and appeared in one of Kuchar's short films. After pursuing music and having a successful career as the frontwoman of alternative rock band Hole, Love also had intermittent roles in films, most notably receiving critical attention for her performance as Althea Flynt in Miloš Forman's 1996 biopic "The People vs. Larry Flynt", which earned her a Golden Globe Nomination for Best Actress, as well as awards from the Boston, Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles film critics associations. Love later appeared among an ensemble cast in "200 Cigarettes" (1998), as well as in a leading role in "Man on the Moon" (1999) alongside Jim Carrey, for which she received critical recognition. She later appeared in several independent films and short subjects as well as the thriller "Trapped" (2002) alongside Charlize Theron and Kevin Bacon, and "Julie Johnson" (2001), for which she received an award for Best Actress at Los Angeles' gay and lesbian Outfest film festival.

Title: Patty Schemel

Patricia Theresa Schemel (born April 24, 1967) is an American drummer and musician who rose to prominence as the drummer of alternative rock band Hole from 1992 until 1998. In 1998, Schemel left Hole, and in the early 2000s reunited with Hole frontwoman Courtney Love during her solo career, and later drummed for Juliette and the Licks. As of 2010, Schemel continues to play music and gives drum lessons, in addition to owning a dog daycare/boarding business. In 2013, Schemel joined the indie rock group Upset, formed by Ali Koehler, previously of Vivian Girls and Best Coast. She also formed a rock and roll band with her brother, Larry Schemel, called Death Valley Girls.

Title: Beautiful Son

"Beautiful Son" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written collectively by frontwoman Courtney Love, lead guitarist Eric Erlandson and drummer Patty Schemel. The song was released as the band's fourth single in April 1993 on the European label City Slang. To coincide with the song's lyrics, Love used a photograph of her husband, Kurt Cobain, at age 7 as the single's artwork.

Title: The Wolfhounds

The Wolfhounds are an indie pop/noise pop band formed in Romford, UK in 1985 by Dave Callahan, Paul Clark, Andy Golding, Andy Bolton and Frank Stebbing, and originally active until 1990. The band reformed in 2005 and continues to write, record and play live, releasing new albums in 2014 and 2016.

Title: Live Through This

Live Through This is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Hole. It was released by DGC Records on April 12, 1994, just one week after frontwoman Courtney Love's husband, Kurt Cobain, died in their home. It was Hole's only album to feature bassist Kristen Pfaff before her death in June 1994. Recorded in October 1993, the album marked a divergence from the band's unpolished hardcore aesthetics to more refined melodies and song structure, and features production by Sean Slade and Paul Q. Kolderie, with mixing by Scott Litt and J Mascis. The album's lyrics and packaging reflect Love's preoccupation with beauty, and its songs contain repeated motifs of milk, motherhood, anti-elitism, and violence against women. The album's title is derived from a quote in "Gone with the Wind".

Title: Turpentine (song)

"Turpentine" is a song by the American alternative rock band Hole. It was written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson. The song was one of the band's first compositions and remained unreleased for seven years before being released on the band's second EP, "The First Session" on August 26, 1997. Although not as well known as Hole's later songs, "Turpentine" is a notable song for the band as it is often cited as "the first Hole song."

Title: Miss World (song)

"Miss World" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by frontwoman Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson. The song was released as the band's fifth single and the first from their second studio album, "Live Through This", in March 1994.

Title: Softer, Softest

"Softer, Softest" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by frontwoman Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson. The song was released as the band's eighth single and fourth and final single from their second studio album, "Live Through This", in December 1995. The single was released just as the band finished their extensive touring in 1995.

Title: Courtney Love

Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison; July 9, 1964) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and visual artist. Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s, Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades. She rose to prominence as the frontwoman of the alternative rock band Hole, which she formed in 1989. Love has drawn public attention for her uninhibited live performances and confrontational lyrics, as well as her highly publicized personal life following her marriage to Kurt Cobain.

Title: Catching Fire

Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins, the second book in "The Hunger Games trilogy". As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller "The Hunger Games", it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem. Following the events of the previous novel, a rebellion against the oppressive Capitol has begun, and Katniss and fellow tribute Peeta Mellark are forced to return to the arena in a special edition of the Hunger Games.

Title: Oil well fire

Oil well fires are oil or gas wells that have caught on fire and burn. Oil well fires can be the result of human actions, such as accidents or arson, or natural events, such as lightning. They can exist on a small scale, such as an oil field spill catching fire, or on a huge scale, as in geyser-like jets of flames from ignited high pressure wells. A frequent cause of a well fire is a high-pressure blowout during drilling operations.

Title: H2O: Footprints in the Sand

HO: Footprints in the Sand is a Japanese adult visual novel by Makura that was released on June 23, 2006 for the PC as a DVD; a version playable on the PlayStation 2 under the title "HO +" followed on April 24, 2008 with adult content removed, but in its place will be additional scenarios and graphics not seen in the original release. "HO" is Makura's first game; a sequel named "Root After and Another" was later produced in October 2007. The gameplay in "HO" follows a plot line that offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the three female main characters. There are two modes of gameplay, the Blindness Effect and Normal Effect, where the former plays on the fact that the protagonist is blind, and the latter mode removes the added element of gameplay the Blindness Effect has. The story is broken into three parts: the original introduction and meeting, following by a separation and reunion, and finally ending with the protagonist choosing one of the girls and spending the rest of the game with her.

Title: To Heart 2

To Heart 2 (トゥハート２ , Tu Hāto 2 ) , stylized as ToHeart2, is a Japanese romance visual novel developed by Leaf and published by Aquaplus. It was first released for the PlayStation 2 on December 28, 2004 as an all-ages title, and was followed by an adult version playable on Microsoft Windows and subsequent all-ages versions for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3. This deviated from the release history of the game's predecessor, "To Heart", which was originally released with adult content prior to receiving versions with such content removed. The gameplay in "To Heart 2" follows a branching plot line with multiple endings, which offers pre-determined scenarios and courses of interaction based on the player's decisions. Its story centers on the male protagonist Takaaki Kouno, and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.

Title: The Hunger Games (novel)

The Hunger Games is a 2008 dystopian novel by the American writer Suzanne Collins. It is written in the voice of 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives in the future, post-apocalyptic nation of Panem in North America. The Capitol, a highly advanced metropolis, exercises political control over the rest of the nation. The Hunger Games is an annual event in which one boy and one girl aged 12–18 from each of the twelve districts surrounding the Capitol are selected by lottery to compete in a televised battle to the death.

Title: Moon (visual novel)

Moon (styled as Moon.) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Tactics, a brand of Nexton, released on November 21, 1997 playable on Windows PCs. The game was described by the development team as a "Reaching the Heart AVG" (心に届くAVG , Kokoro ni Todoku AVG ) . The story follows the protagonist Ikumi Amasawa, a girl who joins an organization called Fargo in the hopes of discovering why and how her mother died, who was a member of the same group. The gameplay in "Moon" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the three female main characters. The game ranked twice in the national top 50 for best-selling PC games sold in Japan.

Title: Dōsei

Dōsei (同棲 , lit. " Cohabitation") is a Japanese adult social simulation game developed by Tactics, a brand of Nexton. It was released on May 23, 1997 for Windows PCs, the same day as "To Heart" by Leaf. The gameplay in "Dōsei" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the sole female main character Manami Minase. The player assumes the role of protagonist Masaki Yamada who is living with Manami shortly after they have graduated from high school. Masaki earns money at a job, and when he returns home will have sex with Manami often; this process of work in the day, and sex at night repeats many times throughout gameplay.

Title: The Hunger Games: Catching Fire

The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a 2013 American dystopian science fiction adventure film based on Suzanne Collins' dystopian novel, "Catching Fire" (2009), the second installment in "The Hunger Games" trilogy. The film is the sequel to "The Hunger Games" (2012) and the second installment in "The Hunger Games" film series, produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, and distributed by Lionsgate. Francis Lawrence directed the film, with a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy and Michael Arndt. Adding to the existing cast, the supporting cast was filled out with Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Jena Malone, Sam Claflin, Lynn Cohen, Amanda Plummer, Alan Ritchson, and Meta Golding. Filming began on September 10, 2012, in Atlanta, Georgia, before moving to Hawaii. The plot of "Catching Fire" takes place a few months after the previous installment; Katniss Everdeen and fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark have returned home safely after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games. Throughout the story, Katniss senses that a rebellion against the oppressive Capitol is simmering throughout the districts.

Title: Tenshin Ranman: Lucky or Unlucky!?

Tenshin Ranman: Lucky or Unlucky!? (天神乱漫 -LUCKY or UNLUCKY!? - ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Yuzusoft, and released for the PC on May 29, 2009. The game was later ported to the PlayStation Portable console by Russell on March 25, 2010, under the title "Tenshin Ranman - Happy Go Lucky!!" . The gameplay in "Tenshin Ranman" follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the four female main characters. The story revolves around Haruki Chitose, the very unfortunate protagonist, and older brother of Sana Chitose. One day, he receives a parcel containing something he would never have thought.

Title: Hello, Good-bye

Hello, Good-bye (ハローグッドバイ , Harō Guddobai ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed and published by Lump of Sugar. It was released on December 17, 2010 for Windows as Lump of Sugar's sixth title. A trial edition was released in October 2010 rated for all ages. The primary focus of the game is the appeal of the four female main characters. The story resolves around the protagonist, Kaito Toubu, who is actually a secret agent with the ability to experience time loops.

Title: May 16 coup

The May 16 coup (Hangul: 5.16 군사정변 ; Hanja: 五一六軍事政變 ; RR: "O-illyuk gunsa-jeongbyeon " ) was a military coup d'état in South Korea in 1961, organized and carried out by Park Chung-hee and his allies who formed the Military Revolutionary Committee, nominally led by Army Chief of Staff Chang Do-yong after the latter's acquiescence on the day of the coup. The coup rendered powerless the democratically elected government of Yun Bo-seon and ended the Second Republic, installing a reformist military Supreme Council for National Reconstruction effectively led by Park, who took over as Chairman after General Chang's arrest in July.

Title: Han Myeong-sook

Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; Korean: 한명숙 ] ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007. She is South Korea's first female prime minister (second female prime minister overall if the acting premiership of Chang Sang is included). She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab, and is a graduate of Ewha Womans University in Seoul with a degree in French literature. She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and declared her presidential candidacy. But she did not succeed in the nominations. In 2008 she ran for parliament, but was not elected. However, in January 2012 she was elected leader of the main oppositional Democratic United Party (DUP) before the April legislative elections and became a member of parliament. But the liberals did not manage to defeat the ruling Saenuri Party and Han stepped down as party leader in April 2012. In August 2015, Han was convicted of receiving illegal donations at the amount of 900 million KRW, and sentence to two years in prison. She is ineligible to run for public office for ten years after her prison term. She became the first former prime minister of the Republic of Korea to serve a prison time.

Title: Chang Dae-hwan

Chang Dae-hwan (also Chang Dae-whan; born 21 March 1952) is a South Korean businessman. He is best known as the president of the "Maeil Business Newspaper", South Korea's main business daily. He also served a brief stint as South Korea's acting prime minister in August 2002 under president Kim Dae-jung, but the National Assembly voted not to confirm him.

Title: Chang Won-jun

Chang Won-jun (Hangul: 장원준, Hanja: 張元準) (born July 31, 1985 in Seoul) is a South Korean starting pitcher who currently plays for the Doosan Bears. Chang played for the Lotte Giants in the Korea Baseball Organization from 2004 to 2011. He bats and throws left-handed.

Title: Korea under Japanese rule

Korea under Japanese rule began with the end of the short-lived Korean Empire in 1910 and ended at the conclusion of World War II in 1945. Japanese rule of Korea was the outcome of a process that began with the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of the Meiji government, military, and business officials sought to integrate Korea both politically and economically into the Empire of Japan. A major stepping-stone towards the Japanese occupation of Korea was the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1905, in which the then-Korean Empire was declared a protectorate of Japan. The annexation of Korea by Japan was set up in the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910, which was never actually signed by the Korean Regent, Gojong.

Title: Tommy Chang (martial artist)

Born and raised in Kyong Ki Do, South Korea, Master Tommy Chang is a Korean-Canadian world-renowned 7th degree Taekwondo and 8Th Degree Hapkido instructor and Grandmaster, actor, stunt performer, stunt coordinator and producer. With over 40 years of training and experience in Taekwondo and Hapkido, Master Chang also trained extensively in ITF/WTF TKD, Moo Duk Kwan, and Judo. He is also an 8th Degree Black Belt in Hap Ki-Do, specializing in pressure points, take-downs and grappling. His martial arts expertise also encompasses mastery of several weapons. In addition, he is a WTF-certified Master Instructor of Taekwondo and a Canadian National Referee (1st Class).

Title: United States in the Korean War

At the conclusion of World War II the Allied nations began the process of disarmament of Axis controlled regions. Japan occupied Korea at this time and had been in control since 1910. In 1945, the decision was made to have American Marines forces oversee Japanese surrender and disarmament south of the 38th parallel and the Soviet Union would facilitate the change of power to the north. At the time there was no political motivation and seemed to be a logical and convenient plan of action. The original agreement and intent was to create a unified and independent Korea out of the post Japanese occupation era. Instead each side of the 38th parallel established its own government under the influence of the occupational country; the United States in South Korea and the Soviet Union in North Korea. Both new Korean governments discredited the other and claimed to be the only legitimate political system. Tensions between the North and South escalated and each side began to petition foreign powers for resources and support. South Korea wanted weapons and supplies from Truman and the United States government while North Korea sought help from Stalin and the Soviet Union. The United States was still war weary from the disruptive World War II campaign and refused South Korea's request for weapons and troops. North Korea convinced the Soviet Union to supply them with the weapons and support they requested. This decision coincided with the United States withdrawing the last remaining combat troops from South Korea. North Korea saw its opportunity and attacked South Korean forces at the 38th parallel on June 25, 1950 and thus initiating the Korean War.

Title: Chang Mi-hee

Chang Mi-hee (born December 8, 1958) is a South Korean actress active since 1976. She was born Lee Yun-hui in Seoul, South Korea in 1957. Chang debuted as an actress in 1976 as starring in "Seong Chun-hyang jeon" directed by Park Tae-won and TBC TV drama, "Haenyeo Dang-sil" (Sea Woman Dang-sil). Chang was commonly referred to as "New Troika" or "Second Troika" along with her rival actresses, Jeong Yun-hui and Yu Ji-in of the 1970s and 1980s after the "First Troika", Moon Hee, Nam Jeong-im, and Yoon Jeong-hee of the 1960s.

Title: Chang Yong-hak

Chang Yong-hak (25 April 1921 – 31 August 1999) was a Korean writer. Chang was born in Hamyeong Buk-do in what is now North Korea. He studied at Waseda University in Japan, before being drafted into the Japanese army. After the end of World War Two, he taught high school in Korea, writing fiction on the side.

Title: Chang Ucchin

Chang Ucchin (26 November 1917 – 27 December 1990) is one of the representatives of modern Korean fine art. Chang was born when Korea was still under Japanese colonial rule. He studied western art at Tokyo's Imperial School of Art. He became a professor of fine arts at Seoul National University in 1954, but resigned to paint full-time from 1960.

Title: Los Angeles County Federation of Labor

The Los Angeles County Federation of Labor was started in 1885. Originally, the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor was split into five individual unions of bakers, cigar makers, printers, tailors, and carpenters. Now they represent over 300 unions, about 800,000 people, throughout Los Angeles County, making it the second largest in the country. “A survey published in December 2003 showed that the three largest unions in the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor were SEIU 434B (with seventy-four thousand homecare and nursing home workers), SEIU 399 with forty-five thousand health care and other employees, and the United Teachers of Los Angeles (with thirty thousand teachers from the American Federation and the National Education Association).” They have helped make Los Angeles a union city. Their mission is to “ promote a voice for workers through organizing themselves into unions, building strong coalitions of labor, community, faith, and responsible businesses, engaging in both organizing and political campaigns, electing pro-union and pro-worker candidates and advancing public policies that support workers, families and local communities.” They also encourage people to help make change by voting. The Los Angeles County Federation of labor is a major focal point for new American labor movement. Recently, the impressive progression of Los Angeles becoming a union city has become a stand out model for other non-union cities because of Los Angeles’ anti-union history. Los Angeles combines the economic development activism and the refined political work of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor.

Title: Good Life Cafe

The Good Life Cafe was a health food market and cafe in Los Angeles, California, known for its open mic nights that helped the 1990s Los Angeles alternative hip hop movement flourish. In 2008, director Ava DuVernay, who had performed at the cafe with the Figures of Speech hip hop group, released a documentary about the cafe, "This Is The Life". The film featured a number of hip hop artists discussing the importance of the Good Life Cafe to themselves and the hip hop scene. The Cafe was open from 1989 to 1999.

Title: Austin Young

Austin Young (born April 12, 1966) is an American photographer, film maker and new media artist currently based in Los Angeles. His work has created an encyclopedic documentation of sub and trans culture in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco. Young's photographs have been featured in major publications such as Interview magazine, OK, and Flaunt and have been shown in solo exhibitions and projects at LACMA (Los Angeles, CA), Machine Project (Los Angeles, CA), Hammer Museum (Los Angeles, CA), Berkeley Art Museum (Berkeley, California); and as well as groups shows at Los Angeles Contemporary Exhibitions (Los Angeles, CA) and Stephen Cohen Gallery (Los Angeles, CA). In addition to photography and film making, Young is co-founder of Fallen Fruit, an art collective who use fruit as a common denominator for public engagement and collaboration.

Title: Old School (film)

Old School is a 2003 American comedy film released by DreamWorks Pictures and The Montecito Picture Company and directed by Todd Phillips. The story was written by Court Crandall, and the film was written by Phillips and Scot Armstrong. The film stars Luke Wilson, Vince Vaughn, and Will Ferrell as three depressed thirty-somethings who seek to re-live their college days by starting a fraternity, and the tribulations they encounter in doing so. Since its release it has gained a massive cult following, since a lot of minor characters in the film went on to have huge careers such as Simon Helberg, Elisha Cuthbert, Rob Corddry and Artie Lange.

Title: Stephen Nicholas (actor)

Stephen Nicholas (born 23 August 1978) also known as Stephen Charles Nicholas is an actor and presenter from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. Stephen currently lives in Sheffield, his first role was on Sky One's Dream Team, where he played Scott Ward. From there, he filmed the first in the trilogy Goal! (In which he played a Newcastle United Reserves player). Following this, he moved to Los Angeles, where he played Smith in the feature film Futbaal: The Price of Dreams. Stephen then returned to the UK to make a Bollywood film called Dhana Dhana Goal with John Abraham. Stephen then experienced his first opportunity in reality TV with the show Premier League All Stars for Sky One, as well as playing a footballer, he was on-hand to present celebrity gossip and pitch side reports. He then appeared in Celebrity Most Haunted and Date the Enemy. From there he then went on to star in Goal 3 where he not only acted in the film he also became the football choreographer and choreographed all the football scenes in the film. Nicholas then starred in the film Damned United where he played Welsh international Alan Durban, the film was filmed in Chesterfield and Leeds and was directed by Oscar winner Tom Hooper and also starred Oscar nominated Michael Sheen. Stephens next production was the feature film called 'No Way Back Now'about the notorious Manchester district of Moss Side, where Stephen played the lead actor Stuart Gavin,The feature is roughly based on the notorious Gooch gang that terrorised Manchester throughout the years. The next move for Stephen was pantomime where he was part of the production Aladdin over the Christmas period of 2015 in Doncaster playing Abanaza the main villain which he did until January 7, 2016! . He has recently been cast in the up-and-coming Feature Film 'Whiteblade' where he will play Thurstan the head Warlord Whiteblade is currently in production and Stephen is shooting his scenes in August 2016. In September 2016 Stephen will be presenting the Sky TV show 'Britz go Bollywood' the show consists of a group of Celebrities being dressed by The best Indian designers, Stephen is the main presenter of the show which will be screened live September 2, 2016.

Title: John Miner

Composer John Miner may be best known for his rock opera Heavens Cafe, which was staged at the Flamingo Theater in Las Vegas 1996, the Charleston Performing Arts Center in 1997, and later at Insurgo Theater in Los Angeles in 2004. Miner formed the progressive rock group Art Rock Circus to perform the music with a live band on stage alongside the singers and actors. Investor Mike Lewis was instrumental in financing and staging Heavens Cafe. The Tributary Music Label released a live CD of Heavens Cafe to the progressive rock community in 2000.

Title: Quality Cafe

Quality Cafe is the name of two different former locations in Downtown Los Angeles, California.

Title: Quality Cafe (jazz club)

Quality Cafe was a historical restaurant and jazz club located at 1143 East 12th Street near the corner of Central Avenue in Downtown Los Angeles. Quality Four, a jazz quartet founded by saxophonist Paul Howard and featuring young vibraphonist Lionel Hampton, was formed in 1924 to play at Quality Cafe. The band soon became Quality Quintet and then Quality Serenades, and was disbanded after a tour with Hazel Myers later in the same year. On June 7, 1924, the venue changed its name to Humming Bird Cafe and became "one of the hottest nightclubs in the area" under this name.

Title: Filandia, Quindío

Filandia is a town and municipality in the northern part of the department of Quindío, Colombia. It is located on the west side of Cordillera Central of the Andes mountain range running through central Colombia, 26 km north of the departmental capital Armenia. It is the northernmost of twelve municipalities that form Quindío, the second smallest department of Colombia. It houses a small community economically supported by agriculture and tourism. Although coffee is the major agricultural product, the municipality's diverse ecosystem makes it perfect for the production of numerous fruits and vegetables. The population is evenly split between the urban and rural areas, with an urban population in the town of Filandia itself of nearly 7000 inhabitants and a population of around 6500 in the rest of the municipality. Most of the population is classified as mestizo (63,2%) and the most common religion is Roman Catholic. The town's architecture, landscapes and the sociability of the locals makes Filandia one of the most beautiful and attractive towns in the department of Quindio and the nation. The town's best-known tourist attractions are its "mirador" (viewing tower) with its extensive views over the Cauca River valley to the west and the Parque Nacional Natural los Nevados to the east (it is also possible to see both Armenia and Pereira from the top of the tower), and the cafe in the main square where scenes from the popular Colombian telenovela "Cafe, con aroma de mujer" were filmed.

Title: Quality Cafe (diner)

The Quality Cafe (also known as Quality Diner) is a now-defunct diner at 1236 West 7th Street in Los Angeles, California. The restaurant ceased to function as a diner in late 2006 but has appeared as a location featured in a number of Hollywood films, including "Training Day", "Old School", "Se7en", "Ghost World", "Gone in 60 Seconds", "The Stepfather", "What's Love Got to Do with It", "Sex and Death 101", and "Catch Me If You Can." It was also featured in Season 1 of the 2007 television series "Mad Men," in the episode "5G".

Title: Guess Who I Saw Today

"Guess Who I Saw Today" is a popular jazz song written by Murray Grand with lyrics by Elisse Boyd. The song was originally composed for Leonard Sillman's Broadway musical revue "New Faces of 1952" in which it was sung by June Carroll.

Title: Paul Nassau

Paul David Nassau (January 30, 1930 in New York City – March 9, 2013 in Palm Beach Gardens) was an American composer and lyricist for the stage. He contributed songs to the musical revue "New Faces of 1956", and wrote both the music and lyric to the Broadway shows "Happy Town" (1959), "A Joyful Noise" (1966), and "The Education of H*Y*M*A*N K*A*P*L*A*N" (1968). He married Chloe Anderson on December 23, 1953. The couple had two children: Robert and Julie.

Title: New Faces of 1952

New Faces of 1952 is a musical revue with songs and comedy skits. It ran on Broadway for nearly a year in 1952 and was then made into a motion picture in 1954. It helped jump start the careers of several young performers including Paul Lynde, Alice Ghostley, Eartha Kitt, Robert Clary, Carol Lawrence, Ronny Graham, performer/writer Mel Brooks (as Melvin Brooks), and lyricist Sheldon Harnick.

Title: Carol Lawrence

Carol Lawrence (born September 5, 1932) is an American actress, most often associated with musical theatre, but who has also appeared extensively on television.

Title: Monotonous (song)

"Monotonous" is a popular song written by June Carroll and Arthur Siegel for Leonard Sillman's Broadway revue "New Faces of 1952". The song was written based on the experiences of its singer Eartha Kitt. It was performed, at the insistence of Kitt, on three chaise longues (Kitt tried originally for six and was given three in compromise), crawling cat-like from one to the other, demonstrating her flexibility and her dance training from the Katherine Dunham Company. The song also includes references to many well-known people of the 1950s. People referenced in the song include:

Title: How to Eat Like a Child

How to Eat Like a Child – And Other Lessons in Not Being a Grown-up is an original musical comedy television special that aired on NBC on September 22, 1981. Based on Delia Ephron's best-selling book of the same name, and adapted for television by Judith Kahan with music and lyrics by John Forster, the one-hour special, through a series of comedy skits and songs, lampoons the adult world through the eyes of children. The musical variety stars Dick Van Dyke as the resident "grown-up" alongside 15 children (8 boys and 7 girls) ranging in age from 7 to 13. Several of the special's young performers would subsequently go on to achieve child stardom in their own right, most notably Corey Feldman, Billy Jacoby and Georg Olden.

Title: New Faces (film)

New Faces is a 1954 American film adaptation of the musical revue "New Faces of 1952" directed by Harry Horner and sketches directed by John Beal. Filmed in Cinemascope and Eastmancolor it was released by Twentieth Century Fox on March 6, 1954.

Title: Mary Begoña

Mary Begoña (born 1929 in Bilbao, Spain) was the stage name of María Bragas Begoña who was a Spanish vedette and actress. She started dancing at age 7 and performed in venues in Madrid while she was studying at the Academies of Quiroga, Ompín and Monreal. Then she studied with Antonio Bautista and Sacha Goudine in Barcelona. She debuted in a musical revue at the age of fourteen and during Spanish Civil War (from 1936 to 1939) was part of the CNT Union. In 1943, Begoña worked in Valencia in Juanita Reina's acting troupe, but returned to Madrid to debut in the Teatro Calderón. In 1945 she appeared in the revue "Danubio Azul" (Blue Danube) with Manolo Caracol and Lola Flores and the following year was the principal vedette in the revue "De la Tierra a Venus" (From the Earth to Venus). For the next several years she performed in variety shows with various acting troupes, such as "Tres días para quererte" (1945), "¡Róbame esta noche!" (1947), "A La Habana me voy" (1948). In 1951, she did a season in the US and then returned to Spain appearing in "¡A vivir del cuento!" (1952) and "Los líos de Elías" (1954). Begoña then formed her own company, which between 1953 and 1960 performed ten different plays. As her career declined in revue style shows, she began performing in comedy theater, film, and television.

Title: Leonard Sillman

Leonard Sillman (May 9, 1908 - January 23, 1982) was an American Broadway producer. Born in Detroit, Michigan on May 9, 1908, he was the brother of June Carroll, the brother-in-law of Sidney Carroll and the uncle of Steve Reich and Jonathan Carroll. He is perhaps best known for his series of musical revues, "Leonard Sillman's New Faces", which introduced many major stars to Broadway audiences, such as Eartha Kitt, Inga Swenson, Paul Lynde and Maggie Smith. Versions of "New Faces" were produced in 1934, 1936 (made into the film "New Faces of 1937"), 1943, 1952 (made into the film "New Faces"), 1956, 1962 and 1968. The very first "New Faces" in 1934 included actors Henry Fonda, Imogene Coca and Frances Dewey Wormser.

Title: Leonard Sillman's New Faces of 1968

Leonard Sillman's New Faces of 1968 is a 1968 musical revue produced by Leonard Sillman. The original production included Madeline Kahn.

Title: Leonid Ramzin

Leonid Konstantinovich Ramzin (Russian: Леони́д Константи́нович Рамзи́н ) (1887–1948) was a Soviet thermal engineer, and the inventor of a type of flow-through boiler known as the straight-flow boiler, or Ramzin boiler. He was a laureate of the Stalin Prize First-Class, which he received in 1943.

Title: Leftover hash lemma

The leftover hash lemma is a lemma in cryptography first stated by Russell Impagliazzo, Leonid Levin, and Michael Luby.

Title: Phthinosaurus

Phthinosaurus is an extinct genus of therapsid from the Middle Permian of Russia. The type species Phthinosaurus borrisiaki was named by Soviet paleontologist Ivan Yefremov in 1940 on the basis of an isolated lower jaw. Because this jaw provides few distinguishing characteristics, the evolutionary relationships of "Phthinosaurus" are poorly known. Yefremov named the family Phthinosuchidae in 1954 to include "Phthinosaurus" and the newly named "Phthinosuchus", which was described on the basis of a crushed partial skull. American paleontologist Everett C. Olson placed both of these therapsids in the larger infraorder Phthinosuchia in 1961. In 1974 Leonid Tatarinov named the family Phthinosauridae to include "Phthinosaurus" alone, retaining "Phthinosuchus" within Phthinosuchidae.

Title: Kate Dillon Levin

Kate Dillon Levin (born March 2, 1974 in Washington D.C.) is an American model, activist and actress. She is best known for her work as a plus-size model where she appeared in multiple editorials in fashion magazines, appeared in cosmetics, plus-size, and designer campaigns, worked with top photographers on campaigns and in editorials and appeared in many mass media outlets. She was the first plus-size model to appear in U.S. Vogue and was the first plus-size model to appear in a Gucci campaign. Dillon has also been involved with many non-profit organizations, and is an advocate for eating disorder awareness and treatment, sustainability, global poverty reduction and social justice. She received her bachelor's degree in political science and international studies from University of St. Thomas and master's degree in international development from Harvard University's John F. Kennedy School of Government. Dillon was briefly married to Gabe Levin. During the marriage they had a son.

Title: Tony Levin

Anthony Frederick Levin (born June 6, 1946) is an American musician and composer, specializing in electric bass, Chapman Stick and upright bass. He also sings and plays synthesizer. Levin is best known for his work with King Crimson and Peter Gabriel. He was also a member of Liquid Tension Experiment, Bruford Levin Upper Extremities, ProjeKct One, and ProjeKct Four. He has led his own band, Stick Men.

Title: Gabriel Levin

Gabriel Levin (Born 1948, Paris) is a poet, translator and essayist. He lives in Jerusalem with his wife and children. Levin is one of the founding editors of Ibis Editions, a small non-profit press devoted to the publication of the literature of the Levant, and serves as its Editor-at-large. Levin's work has appeared in numerous literary magazines, including PN Review, The Times Literary Supplement, the Chicago Review, Raritan and Parnassus. "To these Dark Steps", a volume written in response to operation "Cast Lead" (2008), was set by British composer Alexander Goehr for tenor, children's choir, and ensemble and premiered September 2012 at the CBSO Centre in Birmingham. Levin is the son of the American novelist Meyer Levin (best known for "Compulsion", the first "non-fiction novel") and French novelist Tereska Torres.

Title: Leonid Levin

Leonid Anatolievich Levin ( ; Russian: Леони́д Анато́льевич Ле́вин ; Ukrainian: Леоні́д Анато́лійович Ле́він ; born November 2, 1948) is a Soviet-American computer scientist.

Title: Pavel Urysohn

Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn (Па́вел Самуи́лович Урысо́н ) (February 3, 1898 – August 17, 1924) was a Soviet mathematician of Jewish origin who is best known for his contributions in dimension theory, and for developing Urysohn's Metrization Theorem and Urysohn's Lemma, both of which are fundamental results in topology. His name is also commemorated in the terms Urysohn universal space, Fréchet–Urysohn space, Menger–Urysohn dimension and Urysohn integral equation. He and Pavel Alexandrov formulated the modern definition of compactness in 1923.

Title: Meyer Levin

Meyer Levin (October 7, 1905 – July 9, 1981) was an American novelist. Perhaps best known for his work on the Leopold and Loeb case, Levin worked as a journalist (for the "Chicago Daily News" and, from 1933–39, as an editor for "Esquire").

Title: Leonid Bunimovich

Leonid Bunimovich is a Soviet and American mathematician, who specializes in dynamical systems. He is known for discovery of a fundamental mechanism of chaos (hyperbolicity) in Dynamical systems, which is called mechanism of defocusing. The most famous class of chaotic dynamical systems of this type Dynamical billiards are focusing chaotic billiards (e.g., the "Bunimovich stadium","Bunimovich flowers", etc.). More recently he introduced so called Bunimovich mushrooms, which are visual examples of billiards with mixed regular and chaotic dynamics. In many labs over the world were built experimental devices in the form of various Bunimovich billiards. He received bachelor's degree in 1967 and PhD in 1973 from the University of Moscow. His thesis adviser was Yakov G. Sinai. In 1986 he was awarded Doctor of Sciences degree in "Theoretical and Mathematical Physics".

Title: Whiteout Conditions

Whiteout Conditions is the seventh studio album by Canadian indie rock band The New Pornographers. It was released on April 7, 2017, and is the first album not to feature either longtime drummer Kurt Dahle or singer-songwriter Dan Bejar.

Title: A. C. Newman

Allan Carl Newman (born April 14, 1968) is a Canadian musician and singer–songwriter. He was a member of the indie rock bands Superconductor and Zumpano in the 1990s. Following the breakup of those bands, he reemerged as the leader of the New Pornographers in 2000, a band who have enjoyed commercial and critical success.

Title: Kings of Leon

Kings of Leon is an American rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1999. The band is composed of brothers Caleb Followill (b. January 14, 1982, lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Nathan Followill (b. June 26, 1979, drums, percussion, backing vocals) and Jared Followill (b. November 20, 1986, bass guitar, backing vocals), with their cousin Matthew Followill (b. September 10, 1984, lead guitar, backing vocals).

Title: Little Scout

Little Scout are an independent band from Brisbane, Australia. They have released two EPs and one album, and have toured with established Australian bands Yves Klein Blue, The Holidays, Holly Throsby, Clare Bowditch and Cloud Control; and international bands Belle and Sebastian, The New Pornographers, Sharon Van Etten, School of Seven Bells and Camera Obscura. Soon after forming in 2008 they were named as one of Triple J's "Next Crop" artists and have been featured on Vimeo, receiving over 69,000 views. Their debut album "Take Your Light" was released in 2011, to positive reviews.

Title: Neko Case

Neko Richelle Case ( ; born September 8, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter, best known for her solo career and her contributions as a member of the Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers.

Title: Good People Rock

GOOD PEOPLE ROCK: A Yellow Bird Project Covers Compilation is an exclusive album of Yellow Bird Project bands covering other Yellow Bird Project bands. It was released in vinyl and digital formats via Madic Records, which is a label imprint of Arts & Crafts Productions, owned and operated by Dan Mangan. The album was crowd-funded on PledgeMusic and took several years to produce The album's first single, Andrew Bird's cover of "The Fake Headlines" (originally by The New Pornographers), was released on April 7, 2015 with a music video that was premiered on Pitchfork Media.

Title: Kathryn Calder

Kathryn Jane Calder (born June 17, 1982) is a Canadian indie rock musician, who performs as a solo artist, and is a member of the band The New Pornographers. She is a former member of Immaculate Machine. Calder started with The New Pornographers by filling in for Neko Case for live performances and was made a permanent member in 2006.

Title: Kurt Dahle

Kurt Colin Dahle is a Canadian musician best known for his work as a drummer and vocalist with the rock bands Age of Electric, Limblifter, and The New Pornographers.

Title: Phantom Buffalo

Phantom Buffalo is an indie-rock band from Portland, Maine. The band was known as The Ponys until 2004, when both Portland's Ponys and Chicago-based band The Ponys were invited to perform at South by Southwest. Being the lower-profile of the two bands, the Portland group decided on a name change shortly thereafter. The current lineup consists of Jonathan Balzano-Brookes (vocals, guitar), Tim Burns (guitar, vocals), Joe Domrad (drums), Jacob Chamberlain (drums), Sean Newton (bass), and Philip Willey (guitar, accordion, keyboards). The band has released music domestically on the Time-Lag Records label and in the UK on Rough Trade Records. The band's jangly, psychedelic pop music has been compared to The Byrds and New Zealand's The Chills, as well as North American indie-pop acts like The Shins and The New Pornographers.

Title: The New Pornographers

The New Pornographers is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1997 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Presented as a musical collective of singer-songwriters and musicians from multiple projects, the band has released seven studio albums to critical acclaim for their use of multiple vocalists and elements of power pop incorporated into their music.

Title: 655 Park Avenue

655 Park Avenue is a Georgian-style co-op residential building on Manhattan's Upper East Side, located on Park Avenue between 67th Street and 68th Street, adjacent to the Park Avenue Armory. It was developed in 1924 by Dwight P. Robinson & Company. The building at 655 Park Avenue was designed by architects James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter, Jr., often referred to by the initials "J.E.R. Carpenter", and Mott B. Schmidt. Carpenter is considered the leading architect for luxury residential high-rise buildings in New York City in the early 1900s, while Schmidt is known for his buildings in the American Georgian Classical style, including Sutton Place and houses for New York City's society figures and business elite.

Title: 101 Park Avenue

101 Park Avenue is a 629 ft tall skyscraper in New York City, New York. It was completed in 1979 to 1982 and has 49 floors. Eli Attia Architects designed the building, which is the 64th tallest in New York.

Title: South Phoenix

South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north. This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village. The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents. Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler. Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.

Title: 750 7th Avenue

750 Seventh Avenue is a 615 ft (187m) tall Class-A office skyscraper in New York City. It was completed in 1989 in the postmodern style and has 36 floors. Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo & Associates designed the building, and it is owned by Hines, a Texas based real estate investment company. The building's continuous helix design, culminating in a chimney-like extension, was caused by the New York City Building Code, which requires setbacks. The 84 exterior column transfers exist because of the owner's requirement for a column-free space. It is tied with the New York Life Building for the 74th tallest building in New York City. It is also LEED certified.

Title: Berkeley, Denver

Berkeley is a city-center neighborhood in Denver, Colorado, located in the area traditionally called Northwest Denver, on the west side of Interstate 25 and just south of Interstate 70. The neighborhood is bounded by Federal Boulevard on the east, I-70 on the north, Sheridan Boulevard on the West and 38th avenue on the south. It is bordered by the West Highland neighborhood on the south and is often erroneously grouped together with the Highlands. The neighborhood contains two lakes surrounded by parks, one eponymous (stretching from 46th Avenue to I-70 and Sheridan Boulevard to Tennyson Street) and Rocky Mountain Lake Park (stretching from Lowell Boulevard to Grove Street and 46th Avenue to I-70). Berkeley Park also contains the William Scheitler Recreation Center, run by the City and County of Denver and including both indoor and outdoor public pools. Berkeley has experienced rapid growth and rise in property values in the last 20 years and particularly since the closing of Elitch Gardens Amusement Park in October 1994. Particularly, Tennyson Street has become a commercial and cultural center for Northwest Denver, beginning in the current decade to rival Highland Square in nearby Highland. City Congressman Rick Garcia pushed for the further development of Tennyson Street in the November 2011 election season and succeeded in obtaining the voters' approval for $2.5 million in public works funding. Business owners on Tennyson from 48th Avenue to 38th Avenue currently collaborate in an Art Walk held on the first Friday of every month.

Title: Church of St. Ignatius Loyola (New York City)

The Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola is a Roman Catholic parish church located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City, administered by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits). The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York, and was established in 1851 as St. Lawrence O'Toole's Church. In 1898, permission to change the patron saint of the parish from St. Lawrence O’Toole to St. Ignatius of Loyola was granted by Rome. The address is 980 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10028. The church on the southwest corner of Park Avenue and 84th Street is part of a Jesuit complex on the block that includes Wallace Hall, the parish hall, beneath the church, the rectory at the midblock location on Park Avenue, the grade school of St. Ignatius's School on the north midblock location of 84th Street behind the church and the high school of Loyola School (also 980 Park Avenue) at the northwest corner of Park Avenue and 83rd Street. In addition, another Jesuit high school, Regis High School (55 E 84th Street), occupies the midblock location on the north side of 84th Street. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1980.

Title: Squire Park, Seattle

Squire Park is a district in the city of Seattle, in the U.S. state of Washington. According to the Squire Park Community Council, it is bounded on the south by S. Jackson Street, on the west by 12th Avenue and 12th Avenue S., on the north by E. Union Street, and on the east by 23rd Avenue and 23rd Avenue S., placing it within what are commonly thought of as First Hill and the Central District. Its main thoroughfares are E. Jefferson and Cherry Streets and E. Yesler Way (east- and west-bound) and 14th Avenue (north- and south-bound). Swedish Medical Center's Cherry Hill campus is located here, Seattle University, a Jesuit University has part of its campus in Squire Park, as the Admissions, some dormitories and Athletics departments are east of 12th Avenue.

Title: Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill, Calgary

Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada. Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west. Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community. The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.

Title: Greenwich Avenue

Greenwich Avenue, formerly Greenwich Lane, is a southeast-northwest avenue located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It extends from the intersection of 6th Avenue and 8th Street at its southeast end to its northwestern end at 8th Avenue between 14th Street and 13th Street. It is sometimes confused with Greenwich Street. Construction of West Village Park, bounded by Greenwich Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 12th Street, began in 2016.

Title: Tinley Park station

Tinley Park Station (also known as Tinley Park-Oak Park Avenue Station) is an elaborate commuter railroad station along Metra's Rock Island District line in Tinley Park, Illinois. The station is officially located at 6700 South Street between Oak Park Avenue and 66th Court, however parking is also available on the opposite side of the station along North Street between Oak Park Avenue and 67th Avenue, as well as the center of the block of Oak Park Avenue, 173rd Street, 67th Court and 172nd Street. Another parking area exists along South Street opposite the main parking lot at the station. The station itself is lies 23.5 mi away from LaSalle Street, the northern terminus of the line.

Title: Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger

Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger (恐竜戦隊ジュウレンジャー , Kyōryū Sentai Jūrenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series and the sixteenth installment in the long-running "Super Sentai" franchise of superhero programs. Produced by Toei and Bandai, it aired on TV Asahi from February 21, 1992 to February 12, 1993, with a total of 50 episodes. It was the first Sentai series to have a regular Sixth Ranger. It was also the first Sentai series to be adapted into an installment of the American "Power Rangers" series. Footage from all 50 episodes was extensively used for the first season of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers". The title Toei gives this series for international distribution is "Galaxy Rangers".

Title: GoGo Sentai Boukenger

GoGo Sentai Boukenger (轟轟戦隊ボウケンジャー , Gōgō Sentai Bōkenjā ) is the 30th series in Toei's Super Sentai series, a franchise of Japanese tokusatsu television series. It is the first installment to be broadcast in HDTV. It premiered on February 19, 2006 at 7:30 a.m. on TV Asahi. Its footage was used in the American series, "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive", while the original footage was dubbed into Korean for the South Korean series, "Power Rangers Treasure Force".

Title: Gosei Sentai Dairanger

Gosei Sentai Dairanger (五星戦隊ダイレンジャー , Gosei Sentai Dairenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series. It was the seventeenth production in the long-running Super Sentai franchise of television tokusatsu dramas produced by Toei Company, following "Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger". It was originally broadcast from February 19, 1993 to February 11, 1994. Toei gave this series the name "Star Rangers" for international distribution.

Title: Engine Sentai Go-onger

Engine Sentai Go-onger (炎神戦隊ゴーオンジャー , Enjin Sentai Gōonjā ) is the title of Toei Company's thirty-second Super Sentai series of Japanese tokusatsu television series. It premiered on February 17, 2008, a week following the finale of "Juken Sentai Gekiranger", and ended on February 8, 2009. It aired as part of TV Asahi's 2008 Super Hero Time block alongside "Kamen Rider Kiva". Its footage was used for the American series, "Power Rangers RPM" and was dubbed into Korean as "Power Rangers Engine Force". The catchphrase for the series is "Rushing by at full-throttle mach speed, our slogan is 'go on!'" (マッハ全開で突っ走る俺たちの合言葉は"ゴーオン！" , Mahha zenkai de tsuppashiru oretachi no aikotoba wa "Gō On!" ) .

Title: Power Rangers

Power Rangers is an American entertainment and merchandising franchise built around a live action superhero television series. Produced first by Saban Entertainment, later by BVS Entertainment, and today by SCG Power Rangers, the television series takes much of its footage from the Japanese tokusatsu "Super Sentai", produced by Toei Company. The first "Power Rangers" entry, "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", debuted on August 28, 1993, and helped launch the Fox Kids programming block of the 1990s, during which it catapulted into popular culture along with a line of action figures and other toys by Bandai. s of 2001 , the media franchise has generated over $6 billion in retail sales worldwide.

Title: Super Sentai

The Super Sentai Series (スーパー戦隊シリーズ , Sūpā Sentai Shirīzu ) is a long-running Japanese superhero team franchise of TV series produced by Toei Co., Ltd., Toei Agency and Bandai, and aired by TV Asahi ("Sentai" is the Japanese word for "task force" or "fighting squadron"). The shows are of the "tokusatsu" genre, featuring live action characters and colorful special effects, and are aimed at children. "Super Sentai" is one of the most prominent "tokusatsu" franchises in Japan, alongside the Ultra Series and the Kamen Rider Series, which it currently airs alongside in the "Super Hero Time" programming block on Sundays. Outside Japan, the Super Sentai Series is best known as the source material for the "Power Rangers" franchise.

Title: Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger

Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger (非公認戦隊アキバレンジャー , Hikōnin Sentai Akibarenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu comedy series based on the Super Sentai Series. It is not part of the official line up in Toei Company's Super Sentai franchise, but is instead a parody geared towards adults who were fans of the franchise as children. The show aired on BS Asahi (TV Asahi's broadcast satellite channel) starting April 6, 2012, and Tokyo MX starting April 9, 2012.

Title: Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger

Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger (動物戦隊ジュウオウジャー , Dōbutsu Sentai Jūōjā ) is a Japanese Tokusatsu television series and the 40th entry of Toei's long-running Super Sentai series, following "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger". "Zyuohger" premiered February 14, 2016, joining "Kamen Rider Ghost", and later, "Kamen Rider Ex-Aid" in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations, until its conclusion on February 5, 2017. Released as part of Super Sentai's 40th anniversary and Toei's "Super Hero Year", "Zyuohger" is the fourth series in the franchise whose central theme is animals, 28 years after "Choujuu Sentai Liveman", 15 years after "Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger" and 10 years after "Juken Sentai Gekiranger". The series also has a Minecraft-inspired cube/square motif. The lead screenwriter for the series is Junko Kōmura.

Title: Chouriki Sentai Ohranger

Chōriki Sentai Ohranger (超力戦隊オーレンジャー , Chōriki Sentai Ōrenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series and the 19th installment in the long-running Super Sentai franchise of superhero programs. Its footage was used in the American series, "Power Rangers Zeo" (the closing credits of "Zeo" referred to it as "O Rangers").

Title: Kimberly Hart

Kimberly Ann Hart is a fictitious character in the "Power Rangers" universe. Played by actress Amy Jo Johnson during the first three seasons of the show, plus on the two feature films of the franchise, Kimberly has the longest tenure of any female ranger in the series' history, and fourth overall. She is possibly the best remembered as the first Pink Ranger and first Pink Ninja Ranger from the first entry of the franchise "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers". Kimberly was the Pink Ranger for nearly three years before she was written off the show as having given up her powers for good to Zordon's new alumna Katherine Hillard.

Title: Lion's Den (2008 film)

Lion's Den (Spanish: "Leonera" ) is a 2008 Argentine drama film directed, co-written, co-produced and co-edited by Pablo Trapero. Addressing motherhood within the prison system, it stars Martina Gusmán, Elli Medeiros and Rodrigo Santoro. The film competed in the Competition at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.

Title: White Elephant (2012 film)

White Elephant (Spanish: Elefante blanco ) is a 2012 Argentine drama film directed by Pablo Trapero. The film competed in the "Un Certain Regard" section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.

Title: Pablo Trapero

Pablo Trapero (Born 4 October 1971) is an Argentine film producer, editor and director.

Title: El Bonaerense

El bonaerense is a 2000 Argentine, Chilean, French, and Dutch drama film. It was directed and produced by Pablo Trapero. The screenplay was a joint effort of Nicolas Gueilburt, Ricardo Ragendorfer, Dodi Shoeuer, Pablo Trapero, and actor Daniel Valenzuela, and partly funded by INCAA. It features Jorge Román, Mimí Ardú, among others.

Title: Crane World

Crane World (Spanish: Mundo grúa ) is an 1999 Argentine film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero. The film was produced by Lita Stantic and Pablo Trapero. It features Luis Margani, Adriana Aizemberg, Daniel Valenzuela, among others.

Title: Carancho

Carancho is a 2010 Argentine crime film directed by Pablo Trapero and starring Ricardo Darín and Martina Gusmán. It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival. The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.

Title: Familia rodante

Familia rodante (English: "Rolling Family") is a 2004 comedy drama film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero, and produced by various countries, including Argentina. The film's executive producers were Hugo Castro Fau and Martina Gusman, and it was produced by Pablo Trapero, Robert Bevan, and Donald Ranvaud.

Title: The Clan (film)

The Clan (Spanish: El Clan ) is a 2015 Argentine biographical crime film directed by Pablo Trapero. It was selected to be screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where director Pablo Trapero won the Silver Lion. The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but was not nominated.

Title: Aleksander Ford

Aleksander Ford (born Mosze Lifszyc; 24 November 1908 in Kiev, Russian Empire – 4 April 1980 in Naples, Florida, United States) was a Polish Jewish film director; and head of the Polish People's Army Film Crew in the Soviet Union during World War II. Ford became director of the nationalized Film Polski company following the Red Army occupation of Poland.

Title: 7 Days in Havana

7 Days in Havana (Spanish: 7 días en La Habana ) is a 2012 Spanish-language anthology film. Set during a week in the Cuban capital Havana, the film features one segment for each day, each segment directed by a different filmmaker. The directors are Julio Medem, Laurent Cantet, Juan Carlos Tabío, Benicio del Toro, Gaspar Noé, Pablo Trapero and Elia Suleiman. The screenplay was written by the Cuban novelist Leonardo Padura Fuentes. The film is a co-production between companies in Spain, France and Cuba. It was shot on location in Havana.

Title: List of magazines in Malaysia

The first women's magazine was published in Malaysia in 1932. In the 2000s there were nearly fifty local titles addressing women in the country. These magazines also include those having an Islamic perspective. Some international women's magazines are also published in Malaysia. One of them is "Elle Malaysia", which was first published in March 2014. Another one, "Women’s Health", was started in April 2015. Comic magazines and film magazines are also common in Malaysia.

Title: Jane (magazine)

Jane was an American magazine created to appeal to the women who grew up reading "Sassy Magazine"; Jane Pratt was the founding editor of each. Its original target audience (pitched to advertisers) was aged 18–34, and was designed to appeal to women who did not like the typical women's magazine format. Pratt originally intended the magazine to be named "Betty", but she was voted down by everyone else involved in the making of the magazine.

Title: Rabotnitsa

Rabotnitsa (Russian: Работница ; English: The Woman Worker ) is a women's journal, published in the Soviet Union and Russia and one of the oldest Russian magazines for women and families. Founded in 1914, and first published on Women's Day, it is the first socialist women's journal, and the most politically left of the women's periodicals. While the journal's beginnings are attributed to Lenin and several women who were close to him, he did not contribute to the first seven issues.

Title: Jane Addams

Jane Addams (September 6, 1860May 21, 1935), known as the "mother" of social work, was a pioneer American settlement activist/reformer, social worker, public philosopher, sociologist, author, and leader in women's suffrage and world peace. She co-founded, with Ellen Gates Starr, an early settlement house in the United States, Chicago's Hull House that would later become known as one of the most famous settlement houses in America. In an era when presidents such as Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson identified themselves as reformers and social activists, Addams was one of the most prominent reformers of the Progressive Era. She helped America address and focus on issues that were of concern to mothers, such as the needs of children, local public health, and world peace. In her essay “Utilization of Women in City Government,” Jane Addams noted the connection between the workings of government and the household, stating that many departments of government, such as sanitation and the schooling of children, could be traced back to traditional women’s roles in the private sphere. Thus, these were matters of which women would have more knowledge than men, so women needed the vote to best voice their opinions. She said that if women were to be responsible for cleaning up their communities and making them better places to live, they needed to be able to vote to do so effectively. Addams became a role model for middle-class women who volunteered to uplift their communities. She is increasingly being recognized as a member of the American pragmatist school of philosophy, and is known by many as the first woman "public philosopher in the history of the United States. In 1889 she co-founded Hull House, and in 1920 she was a co-founder for the ACLU. In 1931 she became the first American woman to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, and is recognized as the founder of the social work profession in the United States.

Title: Marianne Schnall

Marianne Schnall is an American writer, interviewer, and feminist. Her interviews with Madeleine Albright, Dr. Jane Goodall, Gloria Steinem, Jane Fonda, Eve Ensler and others have been published by several magazines and websites. In 1995 she founded the not-for-profit website Feminist.com. She is the author of "Daring to Be Ourselves" based on her interviews with a variety of well-known women. She and Amy Richards contributed the piece "Cyberfeminism: Networking the Net" to the 2003 anthology "", edited by Robin Morgan. Marianne’s latest book is "," featuring interviews with politicians, public officials, thought leaders, writers, artists, and activists in an attempt to discover the obstacles that have held women back and what needs to change in order to elect a woman into the White House. With insights and personal anecdotes from Sheryl Sandberg, Maya Angelou, Gloria Steinem, Nancy Pelosi, Nicholas Kristof, Melissa Etheridge, Olympia Snowe, and many more, "What Will It Take to Make A Woman President? " addresses timely, provocative issues involving women, politics, and power.

Title: Jane Cunningham Croly

Jane Cunningham Croly (December 19, 1829 – December 23, 1901) was an American author and journalist, better known by her pseudonym, Jennie June. She was a pioneer author and editor of women's columns in leading newspapers and magazines in New York. She founded the Sorosis club for women in New York in 1868 and in 1889 expanded it nationwide to the General Federation of Women's Clubs. She also founded the Woman's Press Club of New York City.

Title: My Secret Garden

My Secret Garden: Women’s Sexual Fantasies is a 1973 book compiled by Nancy Friday, who collected women's fantasies through letters and taped and personal interviews. After including a female sexual fantasy in a novel she submitted for publishing, her editor objected, and Friday shelved the novel. Later, after other women began writing and talking about sex publicly, Friday began thinking about writing a book about female sexual fantasies, first collecting fantasies from her friends, and then advertising in newspapers and magazines for more. She organized these narratives into "rooms", and each is identified by the woman's first name, except for the last chapter, "odd notes", which is presented as the "fleeting thoughts" of many anonymous women. The book revealed that women fantasize, just as men do, and that the content of the fantasies can be as transgressive, or not, as men's. The book, the first published compilation of women's sexual fantasies, refuted many previously accepted notions of female sexuality.

Title: Be Love

Be Love is a Japanese manga magazine targeting women published by Kodansha. It debuted in September 1980. It is one of the leading manga magazines for adult women, the first of its kind, and was instrumental in the rising popularity of josei manga in the 1980s, which led to the creation of other magazines targeted at women such as "You" and "Big Comic for Lady". As of 2003, "Be Love", like "You" and "Jour", published stories focussing on "the reality of everyday life" experienced by its readers.

Title: List of magazines in China

In 1898 the first women's magazine was published in China. The number of women's magazines has increased in the country since the late 1980s. In addition to national titles international magazines are also published in the country. " Madame Figaro", and "Elle" are among such titles both of which entered into the Chinese market in 1988. In 1998 "Cosmopolitan" began to be published in the country. " Esquire" is the first international men's magazine which entered into the magazine market in China in 1999. Starting in the 2000s several Japanese magazines began to be circulated in Chinese language in the country, including "CanCam".

Title: Baby Doll

Baby Doll is a 1956 American black comedy drama film directed by Elia Kazan, and starring Carroll Baker, Karl Malden and Eli Wallach. The film also features Mildred Dunnock and Rip Torn. It was produced by Kazan and Tennessee Williams, and adapted by Williams from his own one-act play "27 Wagons Full of Cotton". The plot focuses on a feud between two rival cotton gin owners in rural Mississippi; after one of the men commits arson against the other's gin, the owner retaliates by attempting to seduce the arsonist's nineteen-year-old virgin bride with the hopes of receiving an admission by her of her husband's guilt.

Title: Nicholas Ray

Nicholas Ray (born Raymond Nicholas Kienzle Jr., August 7, 1911 – June 16, 1979) was an American film director best known for the movie "Rebel Without a Cause."

Title: Elia Kazan

Elia Kazan (born Elias Kazantzoglou September 7, 1909 – September 28, 2003) was a Greek-American director, producer, writer and actor, described by "The New York Times" as "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history".

Title: Art &amp; Gadg

Art & Gadg is an original radio play by Gregory Evans about the relationship between Arthur Miller (Art) and Elia Kazan (Gadg short for gadget, a nickname of Kazan). The 45-minute play was first transmitted on BBC Radio 4 15 January 2013. It was directed by Marc Beeby.

Title: A Letter to Elia

A Letter to Elia is a 2010 documentary film directed by Kent Jones and Martin Scorsese that follows the life and career of film director Elia Kazan and how he influenced Scorsese. Made from clips from films, stills, readings from Kazan's autobiography, a speech he wrote on directing read by Elias Koteas, a videotaped interview done late in Kazan's life, and Scorsese's commentary on and off screen.

Title: The Visitors (1972 film)

The Visitors is a 1972 American drama film directed by Elia Kazan. It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival. Kazan used Daniel Lang's "Casualties of War" story as a jumping-off point for this film.

Title: Truckline Cafe

Truckline Cafe was the title of a 1946 Broadway play written by Maxwell Anderson, directed by Harold Clurman, produced by Elia Kazan, and starring Marlon Brando and Karl Malden. The short-lived play ran only 13 performances and is best remembered today for the fact that each night Brando would run up and down a flight of stairs prior to an entrance to induce an effectively frenzied demeanor for one of the scenes. The cast also included David Manners, to whom Brando has attributed much of his subsequent success, and Kevin McCarthy. The play is noted for Brando's first major appearance on Broadway, during which he garnered attention for an unusually intense performance which presaged his later work on "A Streetcar Named Desire". "Truckline Cafe" is also notable for being the first collaboration between Brando and Kazan, who later made "A Streetcar Named Desire", "Viva Zapata", and "On the Waterfront" together. The play also remains notable for being the first time Brando and Malden worked together, prior to co-starring in "A Streetcar Named Desire", "On the Waterfront", and "One Eyed Jacks".

Title: All My Sons

All My Sons is a 1947 play by Arthur Miller. It opened on Broadway at the Coronet Theatre in New York City on January 29, 1947, closed on November 8, 1949 and ran for 328 performances. It was directed by Elia Kazan (to whom it is dedicated), produced by Elia Kazan and Harold Clurman, and won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award. It starred Ed Begley, Beth Miller, Arthur Kennedy, and Karl Malden and won both the Tony Award for Best Author and the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play. The play was adapted for films in 1949 and 1987.

Title: Maya Kazan

Maya Kazan (born November 24, 1986) is an American stage, TV and film actress and director. She is known for playing Caroline in "Frances Ha", Eleanor Gallinger on "The Knick" and Mabel Thompson on "Boardwalk Empire". She is the daughter of screenwriters Nicholas Kazan and Robin Swicord. She is the granddaughter of film director Elia Kazan and playwright Molly Kazan. Maya is the younger sister of actress Zoe Kazan.

Title: Macao (film)

Macao is a 1952 black-and-white film noir adventure directed by Josef von Sternberg and Nicholas Ray. Producer Howard Hughes fired director von Sternberg during filming and hired Nicholas Ray to finish it. The drama features Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, William Bendix, and Gloria Grahame.

Title: WizKids

WizKids/NECA, LLC is an American company based in New Jersey that first made its mark in the game industry producing collectible miniatures wargames. WizKids was purchased by and is a subsidiary of National Entertainment Collectibles Association. The company was founded in 2000 by Jordan Weisman, a veteran of the game company FASA. It was purchased by sports-card manufacturer Topps, Inc. in 2003. (Topps was, in turn, acquired by Michael Eisner's Tornante Company and Madison Dearborn Partners in 2007.)

Title: Aixam

Aixam-Mega is a French automobile manufacturer based in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie. It was founded in 1983 to make microcars following the acquisition of Arola. On April 11, 2013, US based Polaris Industries announced that it had acquired Aixam-Mega.

Title: Arola (microcar)

Arola SARL was a small manufacturing company based in Lyon-Corbas, France, which manufactured a range of microcars, designed to be driven without a licence. Arola became part of the Aixam group in 1983.

Title: Knapp, Stout &amp; Co.

Knapp, Stout & Co. was a lumber company based in Menomonie, Wisconsin in the 19th and early 20th centuries. The company was established in 1846, when John Holly Knapp and William Wilson purchased half of interest in a lumber mill on the Red Cedar River from David Black; it was originally known as Black & Knapp. Later Andrew Tainter acquired a quarter-interest, and the company has become Knapp-Tainter Lumber Company. Henry Stout bought a quarter interest in the company in 1853, and its name became Knapp, Stout & Company. The company's location allowed it to control the lumber industry in the region, and by 1870 it controlled the logging industry in the Red Cedar River valley. In 1878, the company incorporated, and its official name became the Knapp, Stout & Co., Company. The company employed over 2,000 workers in the Menomonie area and produced 85 million board feet of lumber on average yearly from 1871 to 1896; its output made it the largest lumber company in the world. In the 1880s, the company expanded to sites along the Mississippi River, opening offices in Dubuque, Iowa, Read's Landing, Minnesota, and St. Louis. By the 1900s, the company had largely depleted its lumber supply; it closed many of its camps and dissolved early in the 20th century. The company sent out its last shipment of lumber on August 12, 1901.

Title: Syncros

Syncros is a brand of bicycle components, with an emphasis on off-road bicycle parts. Founded by Peter Hamilton and Pippin Osborne in 1986 and originally based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Syncros had its heyday in the early 1990s as one of the earliest and most sought-after brands of high end aftermarket off-road bicycle parts. In the late 1990s, the company had financial difficulties and was sold to the large U.S. based bicycle company GT. Shortly thereafter, GT itself was purchased by Schwinn, which in turn was purchased by Pacific Bicycle Group, a large Taiwanese conglomerate known mainly for low end, mass market bicycles and parts. Pacific was quick to try to capitalize on the Syncros brand name, and used the Syncros label on many cheaply produced OEM parts, severely damaging the brand's reputation. Due to a lapse in trademark registration in the early 2000s, the Syncros brand name was briefly grabbed in the UK by Super Cycles of Nottingham. However, a settlement was reached between Super Cycles and Pacific, resulting in Pacific regaining control of the brand name.

Title: Murco Petroleum

Murco Petroleum Ltd is a United Kingdom based oil refining company. It was set up by Murphy Oil Corporation in 1960. The company owns a forecourt based chain of Costcutter convenience stores. In 1981, Murco purchased an 30% stake in Amoco's Milford Haven Refinery, and in 2007, they purchased the remaining 70%.

Title: I. G. Baker Company

The I. G. Baker Company was a mercantile and grocery company based in Fort Benton, Montana, started by Isaac Gilbert Baker and his brother, George Amos Baker, as I. G. Baker & Brother in 1866. After the Conrad brothers (Charles E. & Wm. G.) were admitted as partners in 1873, the company name was changed to I. G. Baker & Co., which name was retained after the Conrads purchased George Baker’s interest in 1874. In 1891, the Canadian assets of the company were purchased by its chief rival there, the Hudson's Bay Company.

Title: Cliché Skateboards

Cliché Skateboards was a skateboard company based in Lyon, France and distributed by the American company Dwindle Distribution. The company was established in 1997 by French professional skateboarder Jeremie Daclin. In 2001, Cliché was purchased by the France-based Salomon Group which in 2005 became a part of Amer Sports. In 2009, US-based Dwindle Distribution purchased the company from the Salomon Group. In November 2016, Dwindle announced that they would be discontinuing the brand.

Title: Budd Silverliner

The Budd Silverliner a model of Electric Multiple Unit railcar was designed and built by the Budd Company with 59 examples being delivered starting in 1963. 55 of the cars were purchased for the Reading and Pennsylvania Railroads with public funds for use in Philadelphia, PA area commuter rail service with the remaining 4 cars being purchased by USDOT for use in high-speed rail experiments in 1965. Based on a series of 6 prototype Pioneer III cars built in 1958, the Silverliners represented the first production order of "modern" commuter MU equipment purchased by either railroad and earned their name from their unpainted stainless steel construction which contrasted with the painted carbon steel bodies of the pre-war MU fleets. The cars became a fixture of SEPTA Regional Rail service providing the name to their entire series of EMU railcars before finally being retired in 2012 after 49 years in service.

Title: Polaris Industries

Polaris Industries is an American manufacturer of snowmobiles, ATV, and neighborhood electric vehicles. Polaris is based in Roseau, Minnesota, USA. The company also manufactures motorcycles through its Victory Motorcycles subsidiary and through the Indian Motorcycle subsidiary which it purchased in April 2011. Polaris no longer produces watercraft.

Title: Adam (musical)

Adam is a musical with a book by June Tansey, lyrics and music by Richard Ahlert, based on the life of the controversial politician Adam Clayton Powell Jr..

Title: Adam Clayton Powell (film)

Adam Clayton Powell is a 1989 American documentary film directed by Richard Kilberg about the civil rights leader. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

Title: Adam Clayton Powell Jr.

Adam Clayton Powell Jr. (November 29, 1908 – April 4, 1972) was a Baptist pastor and an American politician, who represented Harlem, New York City, in the United States House of Representatives (1945–71). He was the first person of African-American descent to be elected from New York to Congress. Oscar Stanton De Priest of Illinois was the first black person to be elected to Congress in the 20th century; Powell was the fourth.

Title: Adam Clayton Powell IV

Adam Clayton Powell IV (born Adam Clayton Powell Diago in 1962) is an American politician from the state of New York. He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 2001 to 2010. From 1992–1997, he served as New York City Council Member representing East Harlem and parts of the Upper West Side and the South Bronx. Beginning in 2001, Powell represented the 68th Assembly District, which includes parts of Harlem and East Harlem. He was defeated by Charles Rangel in the 2010 Democratic Primary for the seat of the 15th Congressional District.

Title: Seventh Avenue (Manhattan)

Seventh Avenue – known as Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard north of Central Park – is a thoroughfare on the West Side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. It is southbound below Central Park and a two-way street north of the park.

Title: Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church

The Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, also known as "Mother Zion", located at 140–148 West 137th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, is the oldest African-American church in New York City, and the "mother church" of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion conference.

Title: Abyssinian Baptist Church

The Abyssinian Baptist Church, located at 132 West 138th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1922-23 and was designed by Charles W. Bolton & Son in Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival styles – it has also been described as "Collegiate Gothic". It features stained glass windows and marble furnishings The church is noted for its ministers, including Adam Clayton Powell, Sr. and Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Over the years, the church has served as a place for African American spirituality, politics and community.

Title: Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building

The Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building, originally the Harlem State Office Building, is a nineteen-story, high-rise office building located at 163 West 125th Street at the corner of Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It is named after Adam Clayton Powell Jr, the first African-American elected to Congress from New York. It was designed by the African-American architecture firm of Ifill Johnson Hanchard in the shape of an African mask in the Brutalist Architecture style. It is the tallest building in Harlem, overtaking the nearby Hotel Theresa.

Title: The Saimaa Gesture

The Saimaa Gesture (Finnish: "Saimaa-ilmiö" ) is a 1981 film by Finnish directors Aki and Mika Kaurismäki. It is a documentary of three Finnish rock groups aboard the steamboat SS Heinävesi on their tour around Lake Saimaa.

Title: Adam Clayton Powell Sr.

Adam Clayton Powell (May 5, 1865 – June 12, 1953) was an American pastor who developed the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, New York as the largest Protestant congregation in the country, with 10,000 members. He was a community activist, author, and the father of Congressman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Born into poverty in southwestern Virginia, Powell worked to put himself through school and Wayland Seminary, where he was ordained in 1892.

Title: Just Like Paradise

"Just Like Paradise" is a song by American rock singer David Lee Roth. Released after he left Van Halen, it was produced by Roth and guitarist Steve Vai. The lead single from Roth's second solo album, 1988's "Skyscraper", it reached the top 10 in the United States and Canada.

Title: The David Lee Roth Band

The David Lee Roth Band was an American rock and roll band, formed in Pasadena, California in 1985 by Van Halen frontman David Lee Roth. Originally featuring a supergroup line-up of guitarist Steve Vai, bassist Billy Sheehan, and drummer Gregg Bissonette, the band released numerous popular songs and albums from the mid-1980s until the late 1990s. Other well-known musicians in the David Lee Roth Band have include guitarist Jason Becker, guitarist Steve Hunter, guitarist John 5 (guitarist), bassist Matt Bissonette drummer Ray Luzier, and keyboardist Brett Tuggle. The band's well-known songs include "Yankee Rose", "Goin' Crazy!" , "Shy Boy", "Just Like Paradise", "Stand Up", "Damn Good", "A Little Ain't Enough", "She's My Machine", and "Slam Dunk!"

Title: Sammy Hagar

Samuel Roy Hagar (born October 13, 1947), also known as The Red Rocker, is an American rock vocalist, guitarist, songwriter, musician and entrepreneur. Hagar came to prominence in the 1970s with the hard rock band Montrose. He afterwards launched a successful solo career, scoring an enduring hit in 1984 with "I Can't Drive 55". He enjoyed huge commercial success when he replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer of Van Halen in 1985, but left the band in 1996. He returned to the band for a 2-year reunion from 2003 to 2005. On March 12, 2007, Hagar was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Van Halen. His musical style primarily consists of hard rock and heavy metal.

Title: Your Filthy Little Mouth

Your Filthy Little Mouth is the fourth full-length studio LP by David Lee Roth, the lead singer of the American rock band Van Halen. Released in 1994 by Warner Brothers-Reprise and produced by Nile Rodgers (producer of albums by David Bowie, Madonna, et cetera), "Your Filthy Little Mouth" explores relatively disparate genres of popular music, but contextualizes them via rock and blues. The album reflects Roth's growing fascinations with literature and philosophy, as well as his experiences living in New York City's Lower East Side during the early 1990s. The album's artwork, based conceptually on tattoo art and graffiti art, is executed by Roth.

Title: The Midnighters

The Midnighters were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan. They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&B hit records. They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the Twist. Between 1953 and 1962 the Midnighters had almost two dozen hits on the U.S. Pop & R&B charts. Their big hits included the million-selling Billboard Top 10 pop hits "Finger Popping Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go". The Midnighters also had 13 Top 10 R&B hits, including three that reached number 1. Their Top 10 R&B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good". They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999. The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990. The Midnighters as a "group" were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.

Title: The David Lee Roth Show

The David Lee Roth Show is a former short-lived American radio show that aired from January 3 to April 21, 2006, hosted by rock musician David Lee Roth. It was the replacement of "The Howard Stern Show" following its departure from terrestrial to Sirius Satellite Radio. It was simulcast on seven stations across the United States owned by CBS Radio, who launched the show as part of its Free FM radio format. Notably different from Howard Stern's program, or corporate "morning zoo" and "shock jock" formats which dominated morning radio at the time, Roth's show sounded similar to pirate radio, featuring ethnic and non-commercial rock music integrated with personal stories, occasionally uncomfortable debates on intellectual matters, and interviews with people Roth admired, such as guitarist Brian May, baseball player Johnny Damon, and Roth's uncle, Manny Roth.

Title: Cia Berg

Cia Berg (born 2 December 1963), now known as Cia Soro, is a Swedish television presenter and singer. She was at one time the lead singer of the Swedish rock band Whale, who released the single "Hobo Humpin' Slobo Babe".

Title: David Lee Roth

David Lee Roth (born October 10, 1954) is an American rock vocalist, musician, songwriter, actor, author, and former radio personality. In 2007, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Title: David Lee Roth discography

David Lee Roth is an American rock music singer. His discography consists of six studio albums, one extended play, one compilation album, and twenty singles. Of his eight albums, four have been certified Gold or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America. " Eat 'Em and Smile", "Skyscraper" and "Crazy from the Heat" are certified Platinum, and "A Little Ain't Enough" is certified Gold. As of 2012, all of David Lee Roth's Warner Brothers LPs are due for recertification.

Title: Yankee Rose (song)

"Yankee Rose" is a hard rock song recorded by David Lee Roth. It was written by Roth and Steve Vai and was Roth's first single on his 1986 first full-length album "Eat 'Em and Smile". It was recorded as a tribute to the Statue of Liberty in New York City, as the statue was completing a major renovation for the 100th anniversary of its dedication in 1886.

Title: Inyathi High School

Inyathi High School (formerly, Inyathi Secondary School and prior to that Inyathi Mission) holds the distinction of being the oldest formal educational institution of any kind in Zimbabwe. Inyathi High School stands out in the history of Zimbabwe as having been amongst the first places in modern-day Zimbabwe to have seen the dawn of Western Civilization within the region. It is also the first formal points within Zimbabwe to have guardedly resisted Western incursions into the region by the missionaries. Finally, it was also the site of mutual co-existence between the Kingdom of King Mzilikazi and the Western Missionaries. Inyathi High School is a boarding co-educational secondary school in Inyathi, Zimbabwe designed along the lines of the traditional British Boarding Public School System (without the attendant social implications). Together with sister institutions of Dombodema High School (Mission)in Plumtree and Tennyson Hlabangane High School (formerly known as Hope Fountain Mission) in Hope Fountain, Inyathi High School is privately owned by the United Congregational Church of Southern Africa (UCCSA) which is itself an offshoot of the London Missionary Society (LMS).

Title: Presbyterian Boys' Senior High School

Presbyterian Boys' Secondary School (or PRESEC) is a secondary school for boys, founded in 1938, under the auspices of the Presbyterian Church of the Gold Coast. The progenitor of the school was the Basel missionary, The Reverend Nicholas Timothy Clerk. The school has ties with its sister school, Aburi Girls' Senior High School.

Title: J. Sterling Morton High School East

J. Sterling Morton High School East (often called "Morton East") is a public secondary school located in Cicero, Illinois. Morton East is one of three schools in J. Sterling Morton High School District 201. Morton East is a sophomore through senior building, with future students attending the "J. Sterling Morton Freshman Center" for one year. Morton East's sister school, J. Sterling Morton High School West is a four-year secondary school.

Title: Reverend Juuso Shikongo Senior Secondary School

Reverend Juuso Shikongo Senior Secondary School is a Namibian public school in the Omuntele Constituency in the Oshikoto Region about 60 kilometres southeast of Ondangwa, which was in 2013 inaugurated by then Education Minister Dr David Namwandi. The school is named after the founder of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Namibia 's Omuntele congregation, Reverend Juuso Shikongo, the school started operating from a sister school, Uukule Senior Secondary School situated at Onyaanya Constituency some 30 kilometres away, in 2011 before moving to Omuntele at the beginning of the year 2013. In his official inauguration address, the education minister David Namwandi pointed out that Government has spent N$120 million (Namibian Dollars) on the construction of classrooms, offices and hostels for the school.

Title: Legae Academy

Legae Academy is an English medium, independent, co-educational, secondary school located in Gaborone, Botswana. The academy is a sister school to Legae English Medium Primary School which was established in 1983. The academy follows the Cambridge International Examinations syllabus, allowing students to sit for the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (IGCSE) after four years of secondary education, and the A-Level examination after a further two years.Legae academy is the best school for Cambridge in not only Botswana but Southern africa itself

Title: Winslow Township High School

Winslow Township High School (WTHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Winslow Township, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States, that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Winslow Township School District. Until 2000, the facility that is now Winslow Township High School was part of the Lower Camden County Regional School District and was known as Edgewood Regional High School, which was the sister school of Overbook Regional Senior High School in Pine Hill (now known as Overbrook High School).

Title: Ishibu Higher Secondary School

Ishibu Higher Secondary School (Nepali: ईसिवू उचच माधयमिक विधालय ) is a community school under government of Nepal located at the point of ishibu vdc ward no.4 in Terathum district of Nepal. It is established in 1960 A.D in the fundamental of primary school and it has been upgraded adding high school & later in 5–7 years ago it has risen as higher secondary school.Since it is situated on the lap of the Himalayas, it has automatically a panoramic environment of nature where the atmosphere is cool and favorable for students. In the past time its educating system was in old system where there was everything lack needed for studies and teachers were used to regard as god like and it was quite rigorous management of school therefore, students were forced to study with hard labour memorising by heart.Teaching was lecture based method so that there was rare practical education. But now education system has also been change along with changes of time.It has a modern fashioned library and it is equipped with sufficient halls for seating of students. Head of school is thought to be Principal or headmaster and the former principal was Mr.Mahesh Niraula whereas the current Principal is Mr. Ram Prasad Timsina.Since it is a government school it has not any sister school however few name of schools may come with the same name but they are distinguished by location.

Title: Guwe Secondary School

Guwe Secondary School is located in Zimbabwe. It has a sister school in Carle Place, New York, United States.

Title: Singwango Secondary School

Singwango Secondary School is located in Filabusi, Matabeleland South Province, Zimbabwe. It had a sister school in Carle Place, New York, United States, although Carle Place High School still donates sports equipment and clothes.

Title: Carle Place High School

Carle Place Middle/High School is a six-year comprehensive public high school located in the hamlet of Carle Place in Nassau County, New York.

Title: List of Commissioners of New South Wales Police

The Commissioner of the New South Wales Police Force (Known from 1851 to 1926 as the Inspector-General of the New South Wales Police Force) is the head of New South Wales's Police Force. The post is currently held by Mick Fuller, who replaced Andrew Scipione on 31 March 2017. The rank is usually referred to as the New South Wales Police Commissioner or simply just "Commissioner". The New South Wales Police Force has had 22 Commissioners since 1851.

Title: Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking

The Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking (1977–1979) or Woodward Royal Commission was a royal commission initiated by the New South Wales Government to investigate drug trafficking in New South Wales, Australia, especially links between the Mafia and New South Wales Police and the disappearance of anti-marijuana campaigner Donald Mackay.

Title: New South Wales Police Force

The New South Wales Police Force (NSW Police Force; previously the New South Wales Police Service and New South Wales Police) is the primary law enforcement agency of the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is a servant of the Crown, independent of Government, although a minister of the Crown has administration. Divided into seventy six local area commands (LAC), the NSW Police Force consists of more than 500 local police stations and covers an area of 801,600 square kilometres in a state of some seven million people.

Title: Kennedy Royal Commission

The Royal commission into whether there has been corrupt or criminal conduct by any Western Australian Police Officer, commonly known as the Kennedy Royal Commission, was a Royal Commission established in 2002 by the state government of Western Australia to determine whether any officer of the Western Australia Police had engaged in corrupt or criminal conduct. The commission issued an interim report on 20 December 2002 and a final report on 30 January 2004.

Title: First 'Ndrangheta war

The First 'Ndrangheta war was an internal struggle in the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type criminal organisation in Calabria (southern Italy). The conflict raged from 1974-1976, and would result in approximately 233 deaths. The war broke the equilibrium in the triumvirate, made up of Antonio Macrì, Domenico Tripodo and Girolamo Piromalli, that had ruled the 'Ndrangheta for 15 years, and facilitated the rise of a new generation 'Ndranghetisti, in particular the De Stefano 'ndrina, who wanted to open the doors of the 'Ndrangheta in new, more lucrative criminal activities (especially drug trafficking).

Title: Honoured Society (Australia)

The Honoured Society (Italian: "Onorata Società" ) is a Calabrian 'Ndrangheta criminal confederation, started in Melbourne and currently active in all Australia. In 1963, it was reportedly involved in the Victoria Market Murders. It was led by gangster Frank Benvenuto until his slaying in 2000. Tony Romeo, another high-ranking member, was shot in 2002.

Title: Royal Commission of Inquiry into Drug Trafficking

The Royal Commission of Inquiry into Drug Trafficking (1981–1983), also known as the Stewart Royal Commission, was a Royal Commission set up in 1981 by the Commonwealth, Queensland, New South Wales and Victorian governments to inquire into various drug trafficking and related criminal activities of Terence John Clark and his associates. However, the Commission would spend much of its time examining how criminals were using and abusing the passport system for criminal purposes.

Title: Chelmsford Royal Commission

The Chelmsford Royal Commission (1988–1990), chaired by Justice John Patrick Slattery, was established by the New South Wales state government, ostensibly to investigate mental health services in The state. It came about only after prominent Sydney radio and television shows pressured the newly elected Health Minister, Peter Collins, to make good his promises for a Royal Commission. Originally, its prime focus was to have been psychosurgery at the NSW Neuropsychiatric Institute. Following media pressure it focused more on the Deep Sleep Therapy of Dr Harry Bailey, the director, from 1963 to 1979, of the state-funded Neuropsychiatric Institute and then the Chelmsford Private Hospital, a private psychiatric institution in Sydney.

Title: Robert Trimbole

Bruno Robert Trimbole (19 March 1931 – 12 May 1987) was an Australian businessman, drug baron and organised crime boss whose was alleged involvement in drug trafficking in the Griffith, New South Wales area, which according to popular loose fiction series Underbelly: Tale of Two Cities, led to a royal commission, a Coroner's inquest and an international chase by the Australian Government seeking his apprehension after he travelled overseas visiting Europe.

Title: Roberto Pannunzi

Roberto Pannunzi (born Rome, March 4, 1948), also known as "Bébé" (Baby), is an Italian criminal linked to the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria. He is one of the top cocaine brokers for the Sicilian Mafia and the 'Ndrangheta with the Colombian cocaine cartels. He has been described as "Europe's most wanted drugs trafficker", and the "biggest cocaine trafficker in the world", the equivalent of Pablo Escobar, the head of the Colombian Medellín Cartel. According to the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the drug trafficking activities of Pannunzi have been documented for over 30 years.

Title: 46th Operations Group

The 46th Operations Group was a component of the United States Air Force 46th Test Wing assigned to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. It was inactivated on 1 October 2012, and its functions consolidated under the 96th Test Wing at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida

Title: 46th Test Wing

The 46th Test Wing is an inactive wing of the United States Air Force last based at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The wing's 46th Test Group was a tenant unit at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.

Title: 46th Test Group

The 46th Test Group was a United States Air Force unit active from 1992 to 2012. It was last active with 46th Test Wing, at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The 46th Test Group was stationed as a tenant unit at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico, throughout its existence. It was inactivated on 18 July 2012, being replaced by the 96th Test Group in an administrative reorganization.

Title: 486th Flight Test Squadron

The 486th Flight Test Squadron is a secretive unit, with a somewhat misleading designation, assigned to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, and which is associated with United States Department of State Foreign Emergency Support Team activities. The squadron motto is ""Non semper ea sunt quae videntur"" which translates as "Not always what they seem". It was apparently assigned to the 227th Special Operations Flight, later redesignated the 150th Special Operations Squadron, McGuire Air Force Base, New Jersey, but is currently assigned to the 46th Test Wing at Eglin, and operates a pair of Boeing C-32B or Boeing 757-23A aircraft, on stand-by alert for special operations and intelligence missions world-wide. Official documents make it clear that operations fall under the aegis of Air Force Special Operations Command.

Title: 586th Flight Test Squadron

The 586th Flight Test Squadron (586 FLTS) is part of the 96th Test Wing based at Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.

Title: 337th Flight Test Squadron

The 337th Flight Test Squadron (337 FLTS) was most recently part of the 46th Test Wing and based at McClellan Air Force Base, California. It performed depot acceptance testing until being inactivated with the closure of McClellan AFB on 13 July 2001.

Title: Holloman High Speed Test Track

The Holloman High Speed Test Track (HHSTT) is a United States Department of Defense/Air Force aerospace ground test facility located at Holloman Air Force Base in south-central New Mexico. It is adjacent to the White Sands Missile Range and is operated by the 846th Test Squadron of the 96th Test Group of the 96th Test Wing at Eglin Air Force Base. The Test Track provides its services to a wide variety of American defense and governmental agencies such as the Air Force, Army, Navy, and the Missile Defense Agency, as well as America's allies.

Title: McClellan Air Force Base

McClellan Air Force Base (1935–2001) is a former United States Air Force base located in the North Highlands area of Sacramento County, 7 mi northeast of Sacramento, California.

Title: 417th Flight Test Squadron

The 417th Flight Test Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force squadron. It was last assigned to the 412th Operations Group at Edwards Air Force Base, California, where it was inactivated on 14 February 2012. The squadron was first activated in 1989 as the 6517th Test Squadron and conducted flight testing of the McDonnell Douglas C-17 Globemaster III until it was inactivated in 1995 as the 417th Test Squadron. It was reactivated in 2006 and performed ground and flight testing on the Boeing YAL-1A until 2012.

Title: 96th Test Wing

The 96th Test Wing is a United States Air Force unit assigned to the Air Force Test Center of Air Force Materiel Command at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. The wing was activated at Eglin in 1994 as the 96th Air Base Wing, the headquarters for all support units on Eglin, the largest installation in the Air Force. In 2012, it absorbed the mission and resources of the 46th Test Wing and added the mission of testing and evaluating weapons, navigation and guidance systems and command and control systems.

Title: Hexatron Engineering

Hexatron Engineering Co., Inc. is an American aerospace engineering, aircraft engine and aircraft parts manufacturer based in Salt Lake City, Utah. The company was founded in 1982 by Cy Williams and specializes in the design and manufacture of airline aircraft crew seats and also has an aircraft engine design in production for homebuilt, ultralight aircraft and the American light-sport aircraft categories.

Title: History of BMW

BMW AG originated with three other manufacturing companies, Rapp Motorenwerke and Bayerische Flugzeugwerke (BFw) in Bavaria, and Fahrzeugfabrik Eisenach in Thuringia. The company is now known as BMW or Bayerische Motoren Werke. Aircraft engine manufacturer Rapp Motorenwerke became Bayerische Motorenwerke in 1916. The engine manufacturer, which built proprietary industrial engines after World War I, was then bought by the owner of BFw who then merged BFw into BMW and moved the engine works onto BFw's premises. BFw's motorcycle sideline was improved upon by BMW and became an integral part of their business.

Title: Engine Alliance

The Engine Alliance (EA) is an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in East Hartford, Connecticut. The company is a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation, a subsidiary of General Electric, and Pratt & Whitney, a subsidiary of United Technologies. Engine Alliance was established in August 1996 to develop, manufacture, sell, and support a family of modern technology aircraft engines for new high-capacity, long-range aircraft.

Title: BMW R32

The BMW R32 was the first motorcycle produced by BMW under the BMW name. An aircraft engine manufacturer during World War I, BMW was forced to diversify after the Treaty of Versailles banned the German air force and German aircraft manufacture. BMW initially turned to industrial engine design and manufacturing.

Title: Orenda Iroquois

The Orenda PS.13 Iroquois was an advanced turbojet engine designed for military use. It was developed by the Canadian aircraft engine manufacturer Orenda Engines, a part of the Avro Canada group. Intended for the CF-105 Arrow interceptor, development was cancelled, along with the Arrow, in 1959.

Title: D-Motor

D-Motor is a Belgian aircraft engine manufacturer based in Deerlijk. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft engines for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft.

Title: MTU Aero Engines

MTU Aero Engines AG is a German aircraft engine manufacturer. MTU develops, manufactures and provides service support for military and civil aircraft engines. MTU Aero Engines was formerly known as MTU München.

Title: Pirna 014

The Pirna 014 was an axial turbojet designed in East Germany (or the GDR) in the mid- to late 1950s by former Junkers engineers, who were repatriated to East Germany in 1954 after being held in custody in the Soviet Union following World War II.

Title: Stratus 2000

Stratus 2000, Inc was an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in Camano Island, Washington and later in Corvallis, Oregon. The company specialized in the design and manufacture of engines based on Subaru automotive engines for homebuilt aircraft.

Title: Junkers

Junkers Flugzeug- und Motorenwerke AG (JFM, earlier JCO or JKO in World War I), more commonly Junkers, was a major German aircraft and aircraft engine manufacturer. It produced some of the world's most innovative and best-known airplanes over the course of its fifty-plus year history in Dessau, Germany. It was founded there in 1895 by Hugo Junkers, initially manufacturing boilers and radiators. During World War I, and following the war, the company became famous for its pioneering all-metal aircraft. During World War II the company produced some of the most successful Luftwaffe planes, as well as piston and jet aircraft engines, albeit in the absence of its founder, who had been removed by the Nazis in 1934.

Title: Missoula, Montana

Missoula is a city in the U.S. state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County. It is located along the Clark Fork River near its confluences with the Bitterroot and Blackfoot Rivers in western Montana and at the convergence of five mountain ranges, thus is often described as the "hub of five valleys". In 2016 , the United States Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 72,364 and the population of the Missoula Metropolitan Area at 116,130. In the 1990s, Missoula overtook GreatFalls as Montana’s second‑largest city, behind Billings. Missoula is home to the University of Montana, a public research university.

Title: Great Falls, Montana

Great Falls is a city in and the county seat of Cascade County, Montana, United States. The 2015 census estimate put the population at 59,638. The population was 58,505 at the 2010 census. It is the principal city of the Great Falls, Montana Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Cascade County and has a population of 82,278. Great Falls was the largest city in Montana from 1950 to 1970, when Billings surpassed it. Great Falls remained the second largest city in Montana until 2000, when it was passed by Missoula. Since then Great Falls has been the third largest city in the state.

Title: Lynn University

Lynn University is an American private university in Boca Raton, Florida. It was founded in 1962. Its students come from all over the USA and approximately 80 other nations: 24% of students have citizenship in countries outside the United States. The university is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate's, baccalaureate, master's and doctoral degrees. It is named for the Lynn family (Christine E. and Eugene M. Lynn). It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,100, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 123 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Lynn University's ranking in the 2015 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, Tier 2.

Title: New Providence High School

New Providence High School is a comprehensive public high school in the borough of New Providence, in Union County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school in the New Providence School District, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades. New Providence High School opened on September 8, 1958 with its first graduating class on June 23, 1960. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1965. The school opened on September 8, 1958, and had its first graduating class of seniors in June 1960.

Title: Montana State University Billings

Montana State University Billings (or MSU Billings) is a state university. Its main campus is located on 110 acres in downtown Billings, Montana, United States. Formerly Eastern Montana Normal School when it was founded in 1927, it was then renamed in 1949 to Eastern Montana College of Education. In 1965, it became a full-fledged four-year college as Eastern Montana College. It merged with Montana State University in 1994 under its present name. Currently, the university offers associate’s, bachelor's and master's degrees through the University’s five colleges. The five colleges of Montana State University Billings are Arts and Sciences, Business, Allied Health professions, Education and City College. It has the third largest campus population in the Montana State University System.

Title: Media in Missoula, Montana

Since its incorporation in 1885, Missoula, Montana has been one of the primary media markets in the state of Montana, beginning with the weekly newspaper the "Missoula and Cedar Creek Pioneer". The Missoula single-broadcast over-air television media market has been the largest in Montana (#166 nationally) since 2002. Though Billings is the largest city in Montana, Missoula's single-broadcast over-air television media market includes Missoula, Ravalli, Granite, Mineral, Lake, Flathead, and Sanders and serves over 113,000 television homes (2011). Missoula is also home to the state's third largest daily newspaper, the "Missoulian", and the state's largest alternative weekly, the "Missoula Independent".

Title: Ohio Northern University

Ohio Northern University is a private, United Methodist Church-affiliated university located in the United States in Ada, Ohio, founded by Henry Solomon Lehr in 1871. ONU is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission and the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools. ONU is a sister university with Dankook University, a private university in Seoul, South Korea. In 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2013 "U.S. News & World Report" listed Ohio Northern as Regional Universities (Midwest), #2.

Title: Cooperating Colleges of Greater Springfield

The Cooperating Colleges of Greater Springfield (CCGS) is an association of accredited colleges and universities located in Hampden County in Western Massachusetts, in and around the city of Springfield. Formed in 1971, the association provides various benefits to the students enrolled in its member institutions. It includes 4-year public and private institutions as well as 2-year community colleges, all of which are non-profit schools accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.

Title: University of Providence

The University of Providence (UP) (renamed from University of Great Falls in July 2017), is a private Roman Catholic university located in Great Falls, Montana within the Diocese of Great Falls–Billings. The university is accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges. The University's mission "is to provide students with the opportunity to obtain a liberal education for living and for making a living."

Title: Jacksonville University

Jacksonville University (JU) is a private university in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. The school was founded in 1934 as a two-year college and was known as Jacksonville Junior College until September 5, 1956, when it shifted focus to building four-year university degree programs and later graduated its first four-year degree candidates as Jacksonville University in June 1959. It is a member of the Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). JU's student body currently represents more than 40 U.S. states and approximately 45 countries around the world. As a Division I university, it is home to 19 sports teams, known as the JU Dolphins, as well as intramural sports and clubs. Among the top majors declared by JU students are aviation management, biology, nursing, business and marine science.

Title: Cover version

In popular music, a cover version or cover song, or simply cover, is a new performance or recording of a previously recorded, commercially released song by someone other than the original artist or composer.

Title: Till Death Unites Us

Till Death Unites Us is the fourth full-length studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Norther. It was released on 25 January 2006 through Spinefarm Records. The album has no cover song, while most other Norther releases include such a song; this release marks their first studio album to not include a cover song. The song "Scream" was released as a CD single.

Title: Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight

"Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight" is a popular song that was written by Al Sherman and Al Lewis for the 1930 film, "The Big Pond" starring Maurice Chevalier, who made it famous. On March 22, 1930 Bing Crosby and the Paul Whiteman Orchestra recorded a popular cover of this song as well. This registered in the charts of the day at the No. 16 position.

Title: The Chimes (album)

The Chimes is the debut and only album by Scottish dance music act The Chimes, released in 1990. Featuring singer Pauline Henry on vocals, the album includes their cover of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", which reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart, along with their other Top 40 hit "Heaven", which reached number 24. The album was certified silver in the UK, and gold in Australia.

Title: The Chimes (Scottish band)

The Chimes were a successful dance music trio. Pauline Henry (born in Jamaica) with Mike Peden and James Locke from Edinburgh, in Scotland. They are best known for their hits "Heaven" and a remake of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For," which became a UK Top Ten hit.

Title: Dragostea Din Tei

"Dragostea Din Tei" (]    , "Love from the lindens", official English title: Words of Love), also informally known as "Ma Ya Hi" and "The Numa Numa Song" (see ), is the most successful single by the Moldovan pop group O-Zone, sung in Romanian. It shot to the number one spot on the Eurochart Hot 100, where it remained for 12 weeks between June and early September 2004. It topped the single charts in France, Germany and Austria for over three months, reached three in the United Kingdom and 72 on the US Pop 100. The song became the fourth-best-selling single of the 21st century in France, with 1,170,000 units sold. A popular cover of the song was made by Italian-Romanian pop singer Haiducii, which also charted in many countries, especially Italy and Sweden, where it topped the singles charts. The original song was made notable in the United States by the viral video of Gary Brolsma dancing to the song, calling it "Numa Numa".

Title: I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For

"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" is a song by Irish rock band U2. It is the second track from their 1987 album "The Joshua Tree" and was released as the album's second single in May 1987. The song was a hit, becoming the band's second consecutive number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 while peaking at number six on the UK Singles Chart.

Title: Pauline Henry

Pauline Henry (born 29 January 1961) is a British Jamaican recording artist. She was the vocalist in the Scottish band The Chimes, best known for their 1990 cover version of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", between 1988 and 1991. Following her departure from the group, Henry embarked on a solo career, and achieved five UK top 40 singles between 1993 and 1996.

Title: Cover Version

Cover Version is a compilation album released in 2014 by British musician and record producer Steven Wilson. The album compiles the 12 songs originally released as six "2 song" singles. Every release was made up of one original song and one cover song that involved new interpretations of other artist's songs in ways much different from their original versions. The only exception to this format is in "The Unquiet Grave" which is actually an old English folk song, and not an original song written by Wilson.

Title: Love Is (Michi EP)

Love Is is the first EP released by British-Japanese musician MiChi, released on 22 December 2010. It is her first non-single release since her debut album "Up to You" was released in 2009. All four of the songs featured on the EP are used in various commercials and advertisements. The title song was sent to Japanese radio stations as the first single on 19 November, with the music video premiering in early December. It also contains a cover of The Offspring's "Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)", MiChi's first cover song since 2009's "Kiss Kiss xxx". This makes it her seventh cover song, following her cover versions of songs by The Spice Girls, Nirvana, Avril Lavigne, Queen, Des'ree and Fergie.

Title: Michael Breed

Michael S. Breed (born May 14, 1962, in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a professional golf instructor and television host. In 2003, he was selected as a Top 100 Instructor in America by "Golf Magazine", in 2011, he was voted one of the Top 50 Instructors in America by Golf Digest (now 13th on this list, and #1 in the state of New York.) , in 2012, Breed was chosen as the PGA's National Teacher of the Year. Prior to his time as a television host, Breed was the Head Golf Professional at Sunningdale Country Club for 12 years from 2001–2012, and the Head Golf Professional at Birchwood Country Club, as well as the Assistant Professional at Deepdale Golf Club and Augusta National Golf Club. He has served on different boards for the Metropolitan PGA for over 10 years and has represented the PGA of America at the National Golf Day in Washington D.C. since 2012. He is involved in charities such as The First Tee, Folds of Honor, Hope for the Warriors, Wounded Warriors Foundation and Salute Military Golf Association.

Title: Timeline of town creation in the Hudson Valley

The towns and cities of the Hudson Valley were created by the U.S. state of New York as municipalities, in order to perform the services of local government. In 1683, prior to the creation of modern towns, the Province of New York was divided into twelve counties for administrative purposes by the Colonial Governor of New York. In the Hudson Valley, these divisions included Dutchess, Orange, and Ulster counties. Dutchess and Orange remained unorganized until 1713, with Dutchess administered from Ulster; Orange would be administered from New York County. Future counties would be formed and towns exchanged over time, with Rockland County split from Orange in 1799, at which time the southern towns of Ulster were transferred to Orange as compensation for the loss; and Putnam County from Dutchess in 1812, these county's towns can trace their origins to towns and precincts that were formed in their parent counties. Another change that occurred was the transfer of Dutchess County's northern section, the Livingston Manor, to Columbia County. Greene County was formed in 1800 by the combination of the southernmost towns of Albany County with the northernmost towns of Ulster. The history of the towns of Greene and Columbia counties can be found at the Timeline of town creation in New York's Capital District.

Title: Guitars for Wounded Warriors

Guitars for Wounded Warriors is the sixth solo studio album by guitarist Brian Tarquin, released in August 2014 by Cleopatra Records. In 2016, it received a Best Compilation Album nomination by the Independent Music Awards. All tracks were recorded at Tarquin's Jungle Room Studios in New Paltz (village), New York. Being moved by the lack of support for returning veterans through his life Tarquin decided to compose a heavy instrumental rock album as a way to show his appreciation to all veterans. So once again he enlisted top notch players to guest with him on the album, Billy Sheehan on "Black Hawk", Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal and Reb Beach on "Taliban Terror", Steve Morse on "Freedom", Chris Poland on "Charlie Surfs" and "Hunting", Chuck Loeb on "Escape Kabul", Hal Lindes on "Sand & Blood", Gary Hoey on "5 Klicks To Hell" and "Baghdad", Alex De Rosso Dokken on "Broken Arrow", and The Flyin' Ryan Brothers on "Surgical Strike". The entire album was engineered, produced and composed by Tarquin especially for each one of the guest guitarists. Partial proceeds are donated to the Fisher House Foundation from sales.

Title: Aaron B. Rollins

Aaron B. Rollins (1818 - December 4, 1878) was a member of the New York State Assembly for the 9th district of Manhattan from 1851 to 1853. He was the deputy Sheriff of New York County, New York from 1853 to 1859, and the Coroner of New York County, New York from 1867 to 1870.

Title: New Paltz (village), New York

New Paltz is a village in Ulster County located in the U.S. state of New York. It is about 80 mi north of New York City and 70 mi south of Albany. The population was 6,818 at the 2010 census.

Title: Brian Tarquin

Brian Tarquin is an American multi-Emmy Award winning guitarist/composer and producer of the "Guitar Masters Series" featuring Jeff Beck, Steve Vai, Jimmy Page, Santana, BB King and Joe Satriani. Also known for his work as a smooth jazz artist and a music composer receiving 3 Emmy Awards for "Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series" and also received Emmy nominations in 2001, 2002 and 2004. Tarquin has sold more than 150,000 albums through his career in the USA. He wrote the theme music for MTV's "Road Rules", as well as producing music for many other TV shows such as "", "TMZ on TV", "America's Next Top Model", ABC's "Making The Band", "Extra", "Alias" and the Keanu Reeves film "The Watcher". In 2014, Tarquin produced, engineered and composed "Guitars for Wounded Warriors", which showcases Tarquin’s guitar prowess alongside other guitarists such as, Steve Morse, Billy Sheehan, Gary Hoey, Bumblefoot (Guns N' Roses), Reb Beach (Whitesnake), Hal Lindes (Dire Straits), Chris Poland (Megadeth) and Chuck Loeb (Fourplay). The album features exclusively released tracks inspired by those military soldiers who fought for our country and released by Cleopatra Records.

Title: New York County Courthouse

The New York State Supreme Court Building, originally known as the New York County Courthouse, at 60 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center district of Manhattan, New York City houses the Civil and Appellate Terms of the New York State Supreme Court for the state's First Judicial District, which is coextensive with Manhattan, as well as the offices of the New York County Clerk.

Title: New York County District Attorney

The New York County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for New York County (Manhattan), New York. The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of New York state laws. (Federal law violations in Manhattan are prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.) The current district attorney is Cyrus Vance, Jr.

Title: Julius Harburger

Julius Harburger (1850 - November 9, 1914) was a New York City politician. He was elected as the Sheriff of New York County, New York from 1911 to December 31, 1913. He also served as the Coroner of New York County, New York in 1907 serving as the president of the board of coroners.

Title: List of counties in New York

There are 62 counties in the state of New York. The original twelve counties were created immediately after the British takeover of the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam, although two of these counties have since been abolished. The most recent county formation in New York was in 1914, when Bronx County was created from the portions of New York City that had been annexed from Westchester County in the late 19th century and added to New York County. New York's counties are named for a variety of Native American words; British provinces, counties, cities, and royalty; early American statesmen and military personnel; and New York State politicians.

Title: Loretta Lynn

Loretta Lynn (née Webb; born April 14, 1932) is an American country music singer-songwriter with multiple gold albums over a career of almost 60 years. She has received numerous awards and other accolades for her groundbreaking role in country music, including awards from both the Country Music Association and Academy of Country Music as a duet partner and an individual artist. She is the most awarded female country recording artist and the only female ACM Artist of the Decade (1970s).

Title: Tim Malchak

Tim Malchak (born June 25, 1957 in Binghamton, New York) is an American country music singer-songwriter. Malchak partnered with Dwight Rucker in 1982 to form the country music duo Malchak & Rucker. Together, they became the first black/white duo in country music history with a charting single when "Just Like That" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1984.

Title: Tammy Wynette

Tammy Wynette (born Virginia Wynette Pugh; May 5, 1942 – April 6, 1998) was an American country music singer-songwriter and one of country music's best-known artists and biggest-selling female singers.

Title: Bobby Lewis (country singer)

Bobby Lewis (born May 9, 1942 in Hodgenville, Kentucky) is an American country music singer-songwriter. Between 1963 and 1985, Lewis released ten albums and charted more than twenty-five songs on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. His biggest hit, "How Long Has It Been," peaked at Number 6 in 1966. Lewis released a whopping 26 Country charted singles from 1966 to 1985, with 14 for United Artists, 5 for Ace Of Hearts, two with GRT, 3 for RPA and one each for Capricorn and HME. Lewis also released a total of 9 albums with United Artists.

Title: Three Wooden Crosses

"Three Wooden Crosses" the title of a song written by Kim Williams and Doug Johnson, and recorded by American country music singer-songwriter Randy Travis. It was released in November 2002 from his album, "Rise and Shine". The song became Travis' 16th Number One single, his first since "Whisper My Name" in 1994. "Three Wooden Crosses" was named Song of the Year by the Country Music Association in 2003 and won a Dove Award from the Gospel Music Association as Country Song of the Year in 2004.

Title: I'm a One-Woman Man

"(I'm a) One-Woman Man" is a song co-written by American country music artist Johnny Horton and Tillman Franks. It was originally released as a single by Horton in 1956, whose version peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. The song was twice recorded by American country music artist George Jones: first released on the album "The Crown Prince of Country Music" retitled "One Woman Man" in 1960, and later as "I'm a One Woman Man" released in November 1988 as the first single from his album "One Woman Man". It peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in early 1989 and it would be his final Top 10 solo hit. His final appearance on the Top-10 country singles chart arrived a year later as part of a duet recording with Randy Travis. In spite of the lack of radio hits as the 1990s dawned Jones remained a popular concert draw for the next two decades and continued to release original recordings into the mid 2000s.

Title: Please Don't Stop Loving Me

"Please Don't Stop Loving Me" is a song written and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton. It was released in July 1974 as the first single from the album "Porter 'n' Dolly". "Please Don't Stop Loving Me" was Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton's sixteenth country hit and their only number one on the country chart as a duet act. Though Parton and Wagoner had each topped the charts as solo artists, and many of their duet singles had reached the country top-ten, "Please Don't Stop Loving Me" was their only chart-topper as a duet act. The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of ten weeks on the country chart.

Title: Buddy Brown (musician)

Buddy Brown is a traditional American country music singer-songwriter who was discovered as a YouTube sensation. Brown was born on May 12, 1982 to Dan and Cheryl Brown in Madison, Mississippi, a suburb of Jackson. When Brown was nine years old, his family decided to relocate to Orlando, Florida for his father’s career. In 2005, he graduated from Mississippi State with a degree in Psychology. On October 13, 2009, he released a cover of Easton Corbin’s "A Little More Country Than That" that went viral. A year later, he opened up for country music legend, John Anderson in Wildwood, FL. On July 4, 2012, he released his first album titled Mason Jar. His fan base pushed his first full-length CD to No. 34 on the iTunes country chart without a record deal. March 11, 2014, he released a self-titled EP, Buddy Brown. On October 14, 2014, Buddy released his second EP, Keepin’ It Country. This EP reached to No. 12 on the iTunes charts. In January 2014, Billboard put Keepin’ It Country on their Heat Seekers Albums list. USA Today published a story on Brown, labeling him as a "YouTube Sensation." His single "Takin’ You Huntin’" landed him a spot on the front page and an online feature in the Clarion Ledger.

Title: Lane Brody

Lane Brody (born September 24, 1955 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American country music singer-songwriter, active since the early 1980s, best known for her 1984 Billboard-topping country hit "The Yellow Rose" (a duet with country music singer Johnny Lee), and for the Oscar-nominated song "Over You" from the 1983 film "Tender Mercies". She is the first female in country music to have an Oscar-nominated hit from a soundtrack album. Besides "The Yellow Rose", Brody has eleven other chart singles on the Billboard country charts.

Title: The Battle (George Jones song)

"The Battle" is a song by American country music artist George Jones. It was composed by Norro Wilson, George Richey, and Linda Kimball and became the title track of Jones' 1976 LP. The song uses war as a metaphor in describing an argument and eventual reconciliation between a couple, with the woman emerging victorious and the narrator exclaiming, "Oh, what a sweet surrender!" The song begins with the sound of drums mimicking the start of a battle march. Despite Billy Sherrill's ambitious production and Jones' committed vocal performance, the single did not crack the Top 10, stalling at #16 and continued the singer's commercial slide as a solo artist. Meanwhile, the single "Golden Ring," a duet with his estranged ex-wife Tammy Wynette, became a #1 hit that same year.

Title: James Stuart, 3rd Earl of Moray

James Stuart, 3rd Earl of Moray (1581 – 6 August 1638) was the son of James Stewart, 2nd Earl of Moray and Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray.

Title: Charlotte of the Palatinate (1628–1631)

Charlotte of the Palatinate ("Princess Palatine Charlotte", 19 December 1628 – 14 January 1631), was the fourth daughter of Frederick V, Elector Palatine (of the House of Wittelsbach), the "Winter King" of Bohemia, by his consort, the English princess Elizabeth Stuart. Charlotte was born up in the Dutch Republic, where her family had sought refuge after the sequestration of their Electorate during the Thirty Years' War. Charlotte's brother Charles Louis was, as part of the Peace of Westphalia, restored to the Palatinate.

Title: Margaret Howard, Countess of Nottingham

Margaret Stuart (or Stewart) (c. 1591 – 4 August 1639), was an English court office holder. She served as lady-in-waiting to the queen consort of England, Anne of Denmark. She was the daughter of James Stewart, 2nd Earl of Moray, and Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray.

Title: Francis Nethersole

Sir Francis Nethersole (1587–1659) was an English diplomat, secretary to the Electress Elizabeth, Member of Parliament for Corfe Castle, Dorset, and a Civil War political pamphleteer.

Title: Gustavus Adolphus of the Palatinate

Gustavus Adolphus of the Palatinate ("Prince Palatine Gustavus Adolphus", 14 January 1632 – 9 January 1641), was the last son of Frederick V, Elector Palatine (of the House of Wittelsbach), the "Winter King" of Bohemia, by his consort, the English princess Elizabeth Stuart. Gustavus was born in the Dutch Republic, where his family had sought refuge after the sequestration of the Electorate during the Thirty Years' War. Gustavus's brother Charles Louis was, as part of the Peace of Westphalia, restored to the Palatinate.

Title: Elizabeth Stuart, Queen of Bohemia

Elizabeth Stuart (19 August 1596 – 13 February 1662) was Electress of the Palatinate and briefly Queen of Bohemia as the wife of Frederick V of the Palatinate. Due to her husband’s reign in Bohemia lasting for just one winter, Elizabeth is often referred to as The Winter Queen.

Title: The Gates Ajar

The Gates Ajar is an 1868 religious novel by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps (later Elizabeth Phelps Ward) that was immensely popular following its publication. It was the second best-selling religious novel of the 19th century. 80,000 copies were sold in America by 1900; 100,000 were sold in England during the same time period. Sequels "Beyond the Gates" (1883) and "The Gates Between" (1887) were also bestsellers, and the three together are referred to as the author's "Spiritualist novels."

Title: Elisabeth of the Palatinate

Elisabeth of the Palatinate (26 December 1618 – 11 February 1680), also known as Elisabeth of Bohemia, Princess Elisabeth of the Palatinate, or Princess-Abbess of Herford Abbey, was the eldest daughter of Frederick V, Elector Palatine (who was briefly King of Bohemia), and Elizabeth Stuart. She was born in Heidelberg, Germany, spending the first nine years of her life there. When she was nine, she went to live in Leyden, with her brother and was raised in a nursery palace to complete her studies. After finishing her studies, she was deemed ready to live in The Hague with her mother.

Title: A Singular Life

A Singular Life is a novel published in 1895 by Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward. It was first published in serial form in "The Atlantic Monthly" from January through October 1895, and published in novel form in late 1895. It was the fourth highest best-selling book in the United States in 1896.

Title: Philip Howard (cardinal)

Hon. Philip Howard (21 September 1629 – 17 June 1694) was an English Roman Catholic cardinal. Born the third son of Henry Frederick Howard (afterwards Earl of Arundel and Surrey and head of the House of Norfolk) and his wife, Elizabeth Stuart (daughter of Esme Stuart, the Duke of Lennox), Howard was a member of the premier Catholic family in England. At the age of sixteen he joined the Dominican Order in Cremona, and was ordained in 1652. He founded the priory of Bornem in Flanders, with a college for English youths attached to it, and was himself the first prior and novice master. He also founded at Vilvoorde a convent of nuns of the Second Order of Saint Dominic, now at Carisbrooke on the Isle of Wight.

Title: Hacker-Pschorr Brewery

Hacker-Pschorr is a brewery in Munich, formed in 1972 out of the merger of two breweries, Hacker and Pschorr. Hacker was founded in 1417, 99 years before the enactment of the Reinheitsgebot Purity Law of 1516.

Title: Reinheitsgebot

The Reinheitsgebot (] , literally "purity order"), sometimes called the "German Beer Purity Law" in English, is the collective name for a series of regulations limiting the ingredients in beer in Germany and the states of the former Holy Roman Empire. The best-known version of the law was adopted in Bavaria in 1516, but similar regulations predate the Bavarian order, and modern regulations also significantly differ from the 1516 Bavarian version.

Title: KAGG (law)

Gesetz über Kapitalanlagegesellschaften (KAGG) — (German for Investment Company Act) — was a set of German regulations for Mutual Funds that was phased out in 2007 and replaced by the German Investment Modernization Act ("Investement Act"). An objective of the new Investment Act is to promote Germany as an investment fund market, stemming the erstwhile exodus of German-managed funds that became domiciled in other European havens, namely Luxembourg. BaFin is the regulatory enforcement agency that oversees the German financial industry.

Title: Building regulations approval

To comply with the Building Act 1984 and the subsequent statutory instruments known as the Building Regulations, Building regulations approval is required to construct certain structures in England and Wales. Construction projects falling into this category are sometimes referred to as "notifiable", however this is different from the "notification" (which may also be required under the Construction (Design and Management) Regulations 2015, which seeks to monitor health and safety in construction projects.

Title: Self-executing order

A self-executing order is a type of court order. Court orders are usually made with only immediate effect, and without any future effect. With a self-executing order, an order is made by a court that a party to a legal matter must comply with a request by a future date or be subject to legal sanctions. If the party does not comply with the request, the sanctions will apply with no further court order required.

Title: Comply or explain

Comply or explain is a regulatory approach used in the United Kingdom, Germany, the Netherlands and other countries in the field of corporate governance and financial supervision. Rather than setting out binding laws, government regulators (in the UK, the Financial Reporting Council, in Germany, under the Aktiengesetz) set out a code, which listed companies may either comply with, or if they do not comply, explain publicly why they do not. The UK Corporate Governance Code, the German Corporate Governance Code (or Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex) and the Dutch Corporate Governance Code 'Code Tabaksblat' () use this approach in setting minimum standards for companies in their audit committees, remuneration committees and recommendations for how good companies should divide authority on their boards.

Title: Mercedes-Benz short bonnet trucks

The Mercedes-Benz "Kurzhauber" (short-bonnet) truck is a conventional layout, cab-after-engine truck manufactured from 1959 to 1995. In Germany it is most commonly referred to as the "Kurzhauber" (for "short bonnet"). The engine intruded into the cabin underneath the windshield, all in the name of making a shorter truck to meet the strict period German regulations on overall length.

Title: Title 47 CFR Part 15

Code of Federal Regulations, Title 47, Part 15 (47 CFR 15) is an oft-quoted part of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) rules and regulations regarding unlicensed transmissions. It is a part of Title 47 of the Code of Federal Regulations (CFR), and regulates everything from spurious emissions to unlicensed low-power broadcasting. Nearly every electronics device sold inside the United States radiates unintentional emissions, and must be reviewed to comply with Part 15 before it can be advertised or sold in the US market.

Title: Corporate social responsibility

Corporate social responsibility (CSR, also called corporate conscience, corporate citizenship or responsible business) is a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. CSR policy functions as a self-regulatory mechanism whereby a business monitors and ensures its active compliance with the spirit of the law, ethical standards and national or international norms. With some models, a firm's implementation of CSR goes beyond compliance and statutory requirements, which engages in "actions that appear to further some social good, beyond the interests of the firm and that which is required by law". The binary choice between 'complying' with the law and 'going beyond' the law must be qualified with some nuance. In many areas such as environmental or labor regulations, employers can choose to comply with the law, to go beyond the law, but they can also choose to not comply with the law, such as when they deliberately ignore gender equality or the mandate to hire disabled workers. There must be a recognition that many so-called 'hard' laws are also 'weak' laws, weak in the sense that they are poorly enforced, with no or little control or no or few sanctions in case of non-compliance. 'Weak' law must not be confused with soft law. The aim is to increase long-term profits and shareholder trust through positive public relations and high ethical standards to reduce business and legal risk by taking responsibility for corporate actions. CSR strategies encourage the company to make a positive impact on the environment and stakeholders including consumers, employees, investors, communities, and others.

Title: Greisen–Zatsepin–Kuzmin limit

The Greisen–Zatsepin–Kuzmin limit (GZK limit) is a theoretical upper limit on the energy of cosmic rays (high energy charged particles from space) coming from "distant" sources. The limit is , or about 8 joules. The limit is set by slowing-interactions of cosmic ray protons with the microwave background radiation over long distances (~160 million light-years). The limit is at the same order of magnitude as the upper limit for energy at which cosmic rays have experimentally been detected. For example, one extreme-energy cosmic ray has been detected which appeared to possess a record (50 joules) of energy (about the same as the kinetic energy of a 60 mph baseball).

Title: Australian twenty five-cent coin

The twenty five-cent coin of the Australian decimal currency system was issued as a part of a 14 coin collectors set on from the 10 April 2016 to the 23 April 2016. The coins were sold for $3 in conjunction with a local news corp paper.

Title: Charles Cardoza Poindexter

Charles Cardoza Poindexter (March 10, 1880 – June 3, 1913) was a professor at Fisk University. Poindexter was also known for being the precursor, but not a Founder, of the oldest intercollegiate fraternity for blacks in America, Alpha Phi Alpha, who later on became a prominent member and influence in Omega Psi Phi, using his earlier experience to develop much of the framework. He is credited with suggesting the "Phi" in the name Omega Psi Phi, as well as the color "Old Gold".

Title: 2016–17 British and Irish Cup

The 2016–17 British and Irish Cup was the eighth season of the annual rugby union competition for second tier, semi-professional clubs from Britain and Ireland. London Welsh are the defending champions having won the 2015–16 final against Yorkshire Carnegie 10–33 at Headingley Carnegie Stadium, Leeds on 10 April 2016. There have been six different winners and six different losing finalists in the seven seasons of its existence. The format of the competition is similar to last season with Scottish clubs not competing. For the second consecutive season the four Welsh teams are the reserve sides of the teams competing in the Pro12 competition instead of clubs from the Welsh Premier Division.

Title: The Ride Tour

The Ride Tour is the ongoing second concert tour by English indie rock band Catfish and the Bottlemen, in support of the group's second studio album "The Ride". The tour was announced in February 2016 and began on 4 April 2016, in Glasgow, United Kingdom at the O2 Academy Glasgow. The tour is planned to travel across Europe and North America with a total of 50 shows planned so far. On 22 February 2016, the band announced an April 2016 stint of shows in UK, including Glasgow, Halifax, Southend On Sea, Doncaster, London and Brighton. The band will also headline several festivals across the UK throughout the summer, including Liverpool's 'Sound City' in May 2016, Bristol's Summer Series in July 2016 and Manchester's Castlebowl in July 2016. On 14 March 2016 it was announced that the band will play several dates in North America in June 2016. The band are also scheduled to play several European festivals this year, including Scotland's T in the Park, Spain's Benicàssim festival, Cumbria's Kendal Calling in July 2016, Cornwall's Boardmasters Festival in August 2016 and Germany's Lollapalooza in September 2016. The band will also support Welsh rock band Stereophonics on their Wrexham, Racecourse Ground stadium gig in July 2016, as part of their Keep the Village Alive tour.

Title: 2015–16 A-League

The 2015–16 A-League was the 39th season of top-flight soccer in Australia, and the 11th since the establishment of the A-League in 2004. Melbourne Victory were both the defending A-League Premiers and Champions. The regular season schedule was released on 29 June 2015. The season commenced on 8 October 2015 and concluded on 10 April 2016. The finals series commenced on 15 April 2016 and concluded with the 2016 Grand Final, held on 1 May 2016.

Title: Howard Marks

Dennis Howard Marks (13 August 1945 – 10 April 2016) was a Welsh drug smuggler and author who achieved notoriety as an international cannabis smuggler through high-profile court cases. At his peak he claimed to have been smuggling consignments of the drug as large as 30 tons, and was connected with groups as diverse as the CIA, the IRA, MI6, and the Mafia. He was eventually convicted by the American Drug Enforcement Administration and handed a 25-year sentence to be served at Terre Haute; he was released in April 1995 after serving seven years. Though he had up to 43 different aliases, he became known as "Mr Nice" after he bought a passport from convicted murderer Donald Nice. After his release from prison, he published a best-selling autobiography, "Mr Nice", and campaigned publicly for changes in drugs legislation.

Title: Marching On Together

"Leeds! Leeds! Leeds!" (commonly known as "Marching On Together") is the name of the anthem of Leeds United A.F.C. Unlike many football songs that are just new words set to existing music, "Leeds! Leeds! Leeds!" is an original composition by Les Reed and Barry Mason. The song first appeared in 1972 as the B-side of the record released by Leeds United to coincide with the team reaching the 1972 FA Cup Final, the A-side being titled "Leeds United". The vocals on the original recording were sung by the then-members of the Leeds United team and their supporters. The record stayed in the UK Singles Chart for almost 3 months, peaking at number 10.

Title: Matthew Mason (Welsh cricketer)

Matthew Barry Mason (born 24 November 1984 in Swansea) is a Welsh cricketer. Although he has made a number of appearances at second XI level for Glamorgan, as of the end of the 2006 season his only senior appearances had been three games in the C&G Trophy for Wales Minor Counties, in which he took a total of four wickets.

Title: Here It Comes Again (The Fortunes song)

"Here It Comes Again" is a song written by Barry Mason and Les Reed in 1965. It was recorded by The Fortunes and released on 10 September 1965. It reached number four on the UK Singles Chart and number twenty-seven on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart that same year.

Title: Don Barry Mason

Don 'Barry' Mason (1950–2006) was the founder of the Psychedelic Shamanistic Institute (PSI), a networking organisation that encouraged ethnobotany and scientific research into cannabis and other psychoactive plants while contributing substantially to the public debate about drug policy reform. Associates of PSI include: Mathew Atha, Colin Angus, Brian Barritt, Michael Carmichael, Fraser Clark, Paul Devereux, the late John Entwistle, Paul Flynn MP, Ben Ganly, Lee Harris, Mike Jay, Howard Marks, Dr John Marks, Jonathan Ott, Dr Russell Newcombe, Richard Rudgley and Youth.

Title: Producers Guild Film Award for Best Male Debut

The Producers Guild Film Award for Best Male Debut (previously known as the Apsara Award for Best Male Debut) is given by the producers of the film and television guild as part of its annual award ceremony for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in his debut film. While the official awards ceremony started in 2004, awards for the best male debut commenced four years later.

Title: Sverrir Gudnason

Sverrir Gudnason (in Icelandic "Sverrir Páll Guðnason"), born 12 September 1978 in Lund, Sweden, is a Swedish actor of Icelandic origin. He starred in the 2007 television series How Soon Is Now. Gudnason was born in Sweden, but brought up in Reykjavík, Iceland. He moved with his family to Tyresö, Sweden in 1990 when his father found work as a professor at the Royal Institute of Technology. At the 2009 Shanghai International Film Festival he received the award for best male actor for his role in the Swedish/Danish film "Original". He has since played the role of Pontus Höijer in the second series of "Wallander" as well as leading roles in productions at both Gothenburg's and Stockholm's city theatres.

Title: Indian Telly Award for Best Actor in a Lead Role

Indian Telly Award for Best Actor in a Lead Role – Male is an award given by IndianTelevision.com as part of its annual Indian Telly Awards for TV serials, to recognize a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role.

Title: Robert Sheehan

Robert Michael Sheehan (Irish: "Roibeárd Mícheál Ó Siodhacháin" ; born 7 January 1988) is an Irish actor. He is best known for television roles such as Nathan Young in "Misfits" and Darren in "Love/Hate", as well as the 2009 film "Cherrybomb" alongside Rupert Grint. He also co-starred in the film "Killing Bono" as Ivan McCormick. In late 2011 he starred in John Crowley's production of J. M. Synge's comic play "The Playboy of the Western World" at the Old Vic Theatre in London.

Title: The Messenger (2015 horror film)

The Messenger is a 2015 British supernatural mystery horror film directed by David Blair, written by Andrew Kirk and starring Robert Sheehan and Lily Cole.

Title: Mohammad-Reza Foroutan

Mohammad-Reza Foroutan (Persian: محمد رضا فروتن‎ ‎ , born December 28, 1968 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actor. He graduated with a master's degree in clinical psychology from Azad University and now is a Ph.D candidate of Health Psychology. He has passed some free courses in acting. His first film was "Goal". After some minor roles his performance in an episode of TV series "The Clue" revealed his capabilities and Masoud Kimiay chose him for the leading role of Mercedes. He has been acting as actor for more than two decades and received several awards including best male actor award for acting in Germez 1999 Fajr International Film Festival and best male actor award for acting in  Be Ahestegi  Fajr International Film Festival 2005.

Title: IIFA Award for Star Debut of the Year – Male

The IIFA Award for Star Debut of the Year – Male is given by the International Indian Film Academy as part of its annual award ceremony to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in his debut film. Originally known as the "IIFA Award for Fresh Face of the Year (Male)", it was officially given its new title in 2006. During its inaugural year in 2001, four separate actors were presented with an award.

Title: Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut

The Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films to recognise a performance by a male actor in a debut role. However, in the year 1990, it was a director (Sooraj R. Barjatya) who won the award instead of an actor.

Title: ARY Film Award for Best Star Debut Male

ARY Film Award for Best Star Debut Male is one of the ARY Film Awards of Merit presented annually by the ARY Digital Network and Entertainment Channel to recognize the male actor who has delivered an outstanding debut performance while working in the film industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the AFA for Best Star Debut Male. While actors are nominated for this award by AFA members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the AFA membership as a whole.

Title: Kurt Kreuger

Kurt Kreuger (July 23, 1916 – July 12, 2006) was a Swiss-reared German actor. Kreuger once was the third most requested male actor at 20th Century Fox. He starred with, among others, Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart.

Title: Parallel key

In music, a major scale and a minor scale that have the same tonic are called parallel keys and are said to be in a parallel relationship. The parallel minor or tonic minor of a particular major key is the minor key based on the same tonic; similarly the parallel major has the same tonic as the minor key (from the Greek, "para alleilos", "beside each other"). For example, G major and G minor have different modes but both have the same tonic, G; so we say that G minor is the parallel minor of G major. In contrast, a major scale and a minor scale that have the same key signature (and therefore different tonics) are called relative keys.

Title: Paloma (cocktail)

The paloma (Spanish for "dove") is a tequila-based cocktail. This drink is most commonly prepared by mixing tequila with a grapefruit-flavored soda such as Fresca, Squirt, or Jarritos and served on the rocks with a lime wedge. This drink also has the option of adding salt to the rim of the glass.

Title: Sazerac Company

The Sazerac Company is a large privately held alcoholic beverages company with headquarters in Metairie, Louisiana (in the New Orleans metropolitan area). Its distilleries include the Barton Brands distillery (in Bardstown, Kentucky), the Buffalo Trace Distillery (in Frankfort, Kentucky), the former Glenmore Distillery (now a bottling plant in Owensboro, Kentucky), and the A. Smith Bowman Distillery (a microdistillery in Fredericksburg, Virginia). The products of the company and its subsidiaries include various types of whiskey, vodka, gin, tequila, rum, brandy, cognac, cocktails, cordials, liqueurs, "shooters", and wine.

Title: Seafood cocktail

Seafood cocktails are appetizer dishes including shrimp cocktail, squid cocktail, and mixed seafood cocktails. Various preparations use ingredients such as fish and octopus. Seafood cocktails often include lime juice, a tomato based sauce and are sometimes served with lemon. Seafood cocktails are eaten in the U.S. and Latin America.

Title: Salty dog (cocktail)

A salty dog is a cocktail of tequila, or gin, and grapefruit juice, served in a highball glass with a salted rim. The salt is the only difference between a salty dog and a greyhound. Vodka may be used as a substitute for tequila; nevertheless, it is historically a tequila drink.

Title: Sweet Melissa

A Sweet Melissa is a gin-based cocktail that was named by its creator, Daniel Bouie, after his wife Melissa Chabran Bouie. Sweet Melissa is made with gin, tonic water and a splash of Jack Daniel's in a short glass of ice. Care must be taken not to add too much whiskey to this gin & tonic beverage.

Title: Tequila and tonic

Tequila and tonic, also known as TnT or Teqtonic, is a non-standard highball beverage. The drink is made with a 2:1 ratio of tonic water to tequila and is served with lemon or lime wedges on ice.

Title: Tonic water

Tonic water (or Indian tonic water) is a carbonated soft drink in which quinine is dissolved. Originally used as a prophylactic against malaria, tonic water usually now has a significantly lower quinine content and is consumed for its distinctive bitter flavour. It is often used in mixed drinks, particularly in gin and tonic.

Title: Gin and tonic

A gin and tonic is a highball cocktail made with gin and tonic water poured over ice. It is usually garnished with a slice or wedge of lime. The amount of gin varies according to taste. Suggested ratios of gin to tonic are between 1:1 and 1:3.

Title: Mário-Henrique Leiria

Mário-Henrique Leiria (1923–1980) was a Portuguese surrealist poet. Born in Lisbon, he studied at the Escola de Belas Artes. He and his fellow surrealists were involved in an absurdist plot to overthrow the dictatorship of Antonio Salazar. He is best known for his books "Contos do Gin-Tonic" (Gin and Tonic Tales, 1973) and "Novos Contos do Gin" (More Gin Tales, 1974). He died in 1980.

Title: Babette Hughes

Babette Hughes (1906–1982) was an American playwright of one-act plays and mystery novelist. She was born in Seattle, Washington and while an English student at the University of Washington she met the American playwright Glenn Hughes who she married in 1924 for around 20 years. Hughes wrote comedic one-act plays, mysteries, and non-fiction works.

Title: Dark Side (R5 song)

"Dark Side" is a song by American pop rock band R5. It was released on February 1, 2016 as the fifth single from "Sometime Last Night". It was written by Ross Lynch, Riker Lynch, Rocky Lynch and Ellington Ratliff, and produced by Rocky and Matt Wallace.

Title: Ross Lynch

Ross Shor Lynch (born December 29, 1995) is an American singer, songwriter, and actor. He is one of the founding members of the pop rock band R5. As an actor, he is known for his debut role as Austin Moon on the Disney Channel original series "Austin & Ally", and for his role as Brady in the "Teen Beach Movie" series. Lynch is also starring in a new horror/thriller movie called "My Friend Dahmer," where he plays the role of Jeffrey Dahmer in his teenage years. The movie is set to debut in the fall of 2017.

Title: Live in Tokyo (HTP album)

Live In Tokyo is a live album by Hughes Turner Project, a collaboration between Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple/ Black Sabbath/ Trapeze) and Joe Lynn Turner (Deep Purple/ Rainbow/ Yngwie Malmsteen); it was released in 2002 on MTM Music and Pony Canyon Records.

Title: Glenn Hughes

Glenn Hughes (born 21 August 1951) is an English rock bassist and vocalist, best known for playing bass and performing vocals for funk rock pioneers Trapeze, the Mk. III and IV line-ups of Deep Purple, as well as briefly fronting Black Sabbath in the mid-1980s.

Title: Trapeze (band)

Trapeze were an English rock band from Cannock, Staffordshire. Formed in 1969, the band originally featured former The Montanas members John Jones (trumpet, vocals) and Terry Rowley (keyboards), and former Finders Keepers members Glenn Hughes (bass, vocals, piano), Mel Galley (guitar, vocals) and Dave Holland (drums). Jones and Rowley left the band following the release of their self-titled debut album in 1970, with the lineup of Hughes, Galley and Holland continuing as a trio. After the release of "Medusa" later in 1970 and "You Are the Music... We're Just the Band" in 1972, Hughes left Trapeze in 1973 to join Deep Purple.

Title: Black Country Communion

Black Country Communion is an English-American hard rock band based in Los Angeles, California. Formed in 2009, the band is a supergroup composed of bassist and vocalist Glenn Hughes, guitarist and vocalist Joe Bonamassa, drummer and backing vocalist Jason Bonham, and keyboardist Derek Sherinian. Originally formed by Hughes and Bonamassa with the help of producer Kevin Shirley, the group released its self-titled debut album in September 2010. Second album "Black Country Communion 2" followed in June 2011, which was promoted on a European tour later in the year. The band released its third album "Afterglow" in October 2012.

Title: California Breed

California Breed was an English-American hard rock band based in Los Angeles, California. Formed in 2013, the band was a supergroup composed of bassist and vocalist Glenn Hughes, guitarist Andrew Watt, and drummer Jason Bonham. Following the breakup of his previous band Black Country Communion, Hughes was introduced to Watt in 2013 and the two quickly formed California Breed, with Black Country Communion drummer Bonham completing the lineup shortly after. The band recorded its self-titled debut album with producer Dave Cobb in late 2013, which was released through Frontiers Records in May 2014 and reached number 78 on the US "Billboard" 200.

Title: List of Trapeze band members

Trapeze were an English rock band from Cannock, Staffordshire. Formed in March 1969, the band originally featured former The Montanas members John Jones (vocals, trumpet) and Terry Rowley (keyboards, guitar, flute), as well as former Finders Keepers members Mel Galley (guitar, vocals), Glenn Hughes (bass, piano, vocals) and Dave Holland (drums). After the band released their self-titled debut album in May 1970, Jones and Rowley left to return to The Montanas. Hughes, Galley and Holland released "Medusa" later in the year and "You Are the Music... We're Just the Band" in 1972, before Hughes left to join Deep Purple in June 1973. Prior to his departure, Hughes was due to switch to the role of second guitarist, with Pete MacKie set to take his place on bass; however, this never came to fruition.

Title: Different Stages – The Best of Glenn Hughes

Different Stages – The Best of Glenn Hughes is a compilation album by former Deep Purple, Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes. The album was released in 2002 on SPV records.

Title: Mark Simpson (clarinetist)

Mark Simpson (born 26 September 1988) is a British composer and clarinettist from Liverpool, who won the BBC Young Musician of the Year 2006 title on 20 May 2006, playing Nielsen's Clarinet Concerto with the Northern Sinfonia and Yan Pascal Tortelier at The Sage Gateshead. In the same year, Simpson was also the winner of the BBC Young Composer of the Year competition, becoming the only person in history to have ever won both competitions. He resides in Merseyside and attended King David High School, Liverpool before attending the Royal Northern College of Music junior department where he studied clarinet with Nicholas Cox. He was also Principal Clarinet in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain, playing a Peter Eaton clarinet. After a term at the Royal College of Music, Simpson spent the rest of his gap year in Berlin, and attended St. Catherine's College, Oxford University reading for a BA in Music from 2008-2011.

Title: Doctor Who: The Music

Doctor Who: The Music is a 1983 compilation of music from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop featuring incidental music from the popular science-fiction television series "Doctor Who". The album was the first full-length to feature solely music from the programme. The collection was produced by Workshop member and long-time "Doctor Who" sound-effects creator Dick Mills. It featured the original Delia Derbyshire arrangement of Ron Grainer's theme tune and music by Malcolm Clarke from the 1972 serial "The Sea Devils", which was only the second to have an incidental score provided completely by the Radiophonic Workshop. Most of the music included came from serials from the previous three years to demonstrate the recent composers' works. For the album, each serial's incidental music was reassembled into short "suites" and although most of the music had been recorded in mono it was, for this compilation, remixed into stereo with sound effects added on to some tracks. The album was re-released in 1992 by Silva Screen records as "Earthshock - Classic Music From The BBC Radiophonic Workshop Volume 1", with bonus tracks including "The World of Doctor Who", a track recorded by Mills as a B-side to Dudley Simpson's 1973 ""Moonbase 3"" single, which featured a mix of music from the serial "The Mind of Evil" with sound effects from "Planet of the Daleks" before finishing with Simpson's "Master's Theme". Selections from both this compilation and its follow-up, "Doctor Who - The Music II", were also re-used on the 1994 Silva Screen compilation "The Best Of Doctor Who Volume 1 - The Five Doctors".

Title: Alf Clausen

Alf Heiberg Clausen (born March 28, 1941) is an American film and television composer. He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of "The Simpsons", of which he had been the sole composer between 1990 and 2017. Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows, including "Moonlighting", "The Naked Gun", "ALF" and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".

Title: Hail to the Hills of Westwood

"Hail to the Hills of Westwood" is the school song or alma mater of the University of California, Los Angeles. It was written by Jeane Emerso, a 1929 graduate of UCLA, and adopted by the school in 1960. The current arrangement performed by the UCLA Marching Band was written by band member Dwayne S. Milburn for the 1985 football season.

Title: Sarp Bridge

Sarp Bridge (Norwegian: "Sarpsbrua" or "Sarpebrua" ) is a series of bridges which span across Sarpefossen, a waterfall of the river Glomma in Sarpsborg, Norway. In the current arrangement, one bridge carries a pathway, one carries a single track of the Østfold Line and one carries two lanes of National Road 118. The road and pathway bridges are about 91 m long, while the railway bridge is 247 m .

Title: Celebrity Mastermind

Celebrity Mastermind is a celebrity version of "Mastermind", a British television quiz show broadcast by BBC television. It began in 2002 as a one-off special, expanding to the current arrangement of 10 episodes, broadcast during December and January. It is hosted by John Humphrys, who also hosts the main show.

Title: Donnie Simpson

Donnie Simpson (born January 30, 1954) is a longtime American radio DJ as well as a television and movie personality. He hosted "The Donnie Simpson Morning Show" on Washington, D.C. radio station WPGC-FM from March 1993 to January 29, 2010. Currently, he hosts "The Donnie Simpson Show" on D.C.-based radio station WMMJ-FM (Majic 102.3 FM), which began airing on August 17, 2015. Simpson is the first urban-format radio personality to have an annual salary over $1 million without being syndicated. In 2003, Simpson, through his agent and longtime friend, George Parker, inked a 6-year, 8-figure deal with WPGC-FM making Simpson the highest paid African-American radio personality ever without syndication. He was "Billboard's" "Radio Personality of the Year" and "Program Director of the Year". He has also been known by the nicknames, "Love Bug", "The Green-eyed Bandit" and "Dr. Green Eyes" for his luminous, light green eyes.

Title: British Royal Train

In the United Kingdom, the Royal Train is used to convey senior members of the British Royal Family and associated staff of the Royal Household around the railway network of Great Britain. It is formed from a dedicated set of claret liveried sleeper, dining and lounge carriages. The current stock dates from 1977-1987. They are arranged according to requirements, and stored when not in use. The earliest royal coaches date back to the mid-19th Century in the reign of Queen Victoria; until an upgrade in 1977 there were multiple sets based in different regions, a legacy of the pre-nationalisation era of railways in Britain. Many are now in museums or on heritage railways; the National Railway Museum in York has a royal themed exhibition. Dedicated locomotives have never traditionally been part of the Royal Train, first appearing in special livery only in the 1990s, but also seeing use on other trains since 2003. In the 21st Century, various preserved (and one new build) steam locomotives have also hauled the train on special occasions. Although regularly cited by critics as one of the unnecessary luxuries of the Royal Family, which has led to an increase in the alternate use of normal scheduled services where possible, supporters argue the current arrangement emphasizes utility over luxury, and is still often the most practical and secure mode of travel to fit the required itinerary and avoid disruption to the public.

Title: The Simpsons Theme

"The Simpsons" Theme", also referred to as "The Simpsons" Main Title Theme" in album releases, is the theme music of the animated television series "The Simpsons". It plays during the opening sequence and was composed by Danny Elfman in 1989, after series creator Matt Groening approached him requesting a retro-style theme. The piece, which took 3 days, 2 hours, 48 minutes, and 19 seconds to create, has been noted by Elfman as the most popular of his career. The theme, as used for the opening sequence, was re-arranged during season 2, and the current arrangement by Alf Clausen was introduced at the beginning of the third season.

Title: Las Lomitas Elementary School District

The Las Lomitas Elementary School District is a public school district in the San Francisco Bay Area, primarily serving parts of the communities of Menlo Park, Atherton and Ladera, with its headquarters in Menlo Park. Under the current arrangement, all students in the district attend Las Lomitas Elementary School starting before Kindergarten through 3rd grade, and attend La Entrada Middle School for 4th through 8th grade. Students from this school district who continue on with public schooling matriculate to the Sequoia Union High School District, most attending Menlo-Atherton High School, though some students opt to attend Woodside High School, which is closer to home for some students. Several LLESD schools have won the prestigious Blue Ribbon Award.

Title: Semmering railway

The Semmering railway (German: "Semmeringbahn" ) in Austria, which starts at Gloggnitz and leads over the Semmering to Mürzzuschlag was the first mountain railway in Europe built with a standard gauge track. It is commonly referred to as the world's first true mountain railway, given the very difficult terrain and the considerable altitude difference that was mastered during its construction. It is still fully functional as a part of the Southern Railway which is operated by the Austrian Federal Railways.

Title: Most–Moldava railway

The Most–Moldava railway is a branch line in Czech Republic, which was originally built and operated by the Prague-Dux Railway. The line, formerly known as the"Teplitz Semmering Railway" ("Teplitzer Semmeringbahn") runs from Most ("Brüx") over the Ore Mountains to Moldava ("Moldau") and used to have a junction with the Nossen-Moldau railway there in Saxony until 1945. In the Czech Republic the line is known today as the "Moldavská horská dráha" ("Moldau Mountain Railway") or "Krušnohorská železnice" ("Ore Mountain Railway").

Title: Southern Railway (Austria)

The Southern Railway (German: "Südbahn" ) is a railway in Austria that runs from Vienna to Graz and the border with Slovenia at Spielfeld via Semmering and Bruck an der Mur. It was originally built by the Austrian Southern Railway company and ran to Ljubljana and Trieste, the main seaport of the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy. The twin-track, electrified section that runs through the current territory of Austria is owned and operated by Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB) and is one of the major lines in the country.

Title: Rudyard Lake Steam Railway

The Rudyard Lake Steam Railway is a ridable miniature railway and the third railway of any gauge to run along the side of Rudyard Lake in Staffordshire. The railway runs for 1+1/2 mi on the track bed of an old standard gauge North Staffordshire Railway line. After the NSR line closed down, a small narrow gauge train ran on the site for two years before moving via Suffolk to Trago Mills in Devon. The current line started in 1985 and is gauge, and operates to a timetable. It was built by Peter Hanton of Congleton working on his own over a period of 10 years. He sold the railway to the Rudyard Lake Steam Railway Ltd in October 2000 who have developed it since that date.

Title: Carolina and Northwestern Railway

The Carolina & Northwestern Railway (Ca&NW) was a railroad that served South Carolina and North Carolina from 1897 until January 1, 1974. The original line was operated by the Ca&NW as a separate railroad controlled by the Southern Railway until 1974 when the name was changed to the Norfolk Southern Railway. On June 1, 1982, Southern Railway and Norfolk and Western Railroad merged to form Norfolk Southern Railway. Choosing to use the name 'Norfolk Southern Railway' for the merger, in 1981, the original Ca&NW line along with original Norfolk Southern Railway was renamed Carolina and Northwestern once again. In the early 1950s several shortline subsidiaries of the Southern Railway were leased to the Ca&NW for operation, with these lines remaining a part of the Ca&NW into the 1980s.

Title: D. William Brosnan

D. William Brosnan was a president of Southern Railway in the USA, a railroad that later merged with Norfolk and Western Railroad to form Norfolk Southern Railway. Born in 1903 in Albany, Georgia, he was the son of the town's fire chief. In 1923, he took a job as an engineer with the Georgia Department of Highways, before taking a job at as an apprentice student engineer for the Southern Railway, three years later, maintaining the right-of-way. Between 1931 and 1952, he had several promotions, from apprentice student engineer to junior engineer, to division superintendent, to general manager of the Central Lines of the Southern Railway, to vice president of operations. During his time as chief engineer for the Western Lines of the Southern Railway, in 1945 and 1946, he oversaw an increased mechanization of track maintenance and construction on the Southern Railway, and during his time as general manager for the Central Lines, he oversaw the automation of freight car classification in yards and terminals. He succeeded Harry A. deButts in 1962. In 1964 Brosnan was selected as the first recipient of the Man of the Year award by "Modern Railways" magazine, an award now presented by "Railway Age" magazine as the Railroader of the Year.

Title: Hakone Tozan Railway

The Hakone Tozan Railway (箱根登山鉄道 , Hakone Tozan Tetsudō ) is a private railway company in Japan, part of the Odakyu Group. It is best known for its operation of the Hakone Tozan Line, the first mountain railway in Japan, but like most Japanese railway companies, also operates bus service, namely Hakone Tozan Bus. It also operates the connecting Hakone Tozan Cable Car.

Title: Green Mountain Cog Railway

The Green Mountain Cog Railway was a mountain railway built to carry tourists to the top of Green Mountain (now known as Cadillac Mountain) on Mount Desert Island in Maine. Its track was built to gauge, which is technically a narrow gauge, as it is a ⁄ -inch less than .

Title: East Siberian Railway

The East Siberian Railway ("Восточно-Сибирская железная дорога" ) is a railway in Russia (a branch of the Russian Railways and a part of the Trans-Siberian Railway), which runs across Irkutsk Oblast, Chita Oblast, Buryatia, and Yakutia. The railway administration is located in Irkutsk. The East Siberian Railway borders with the Krasnoyarsk Railway (railway station of Yurty), Trans-Baikal Railway (railway station of Petrovsky Zavod), and Baikal Amur Mainline (railway station of Lena-Vostochnaya). To the south, the East Siberian Railway runs close to the Russo-Mongolian border (railway station of Naushki). As of 2008, the total working length of the East Siberian Railway was 3848.1 km ; number of employees – 46,233 (61,418 in 2005); net weight hauled – 76 million tonnes (75.934 million in 2005); long-distance passenger traffic – 3.6 million people (4.838 million in 2005); suburban traffic – 29 million people (26.225 million in 2005). Annual cargo turnover is 278 million tonnes.

Title: Reisseck Railway

The Reisseck Railway (sometimes Reißeck Railway, German: "Reißeckbahn" ) is a mountain railway, that runs from Carinthia's Möll valley into the Reißeck Group, a small mountain range in southern Austria. It comprises the Reisseck Funicular and the Reisseck Mountain Railway (a narrow gauge railway).

Title: List of awards and nominations received by Lost

Lost is an American drama series that aired on ABC from September 22, 2004 until May 23, 2010. It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 54 Primetime Emmy Awards (eleven wins), 48 Saturn Awards (thirteen wins), 33 Teen Choice Awards, 17 Television Critics Association Awards (four wins), 12 Golden Reel Awards (five wins), eight Satellite Awards (one win), seven Golden Globe Awards (one win), six Producers Guild of America Awards (one win), six Writers Guild of America Awards (one win), five Directors Guild of America Awards, two NAACP Image Awards (one win), two Screen Actors Guild Awards (one win), and one BAFTA Award. Amongst the wins for the series are a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, and a Peabody Award.

Title: Frances Conroy

Frances Hardman Conroy (born November 13, 1953) is an American actress. She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series "Six Feet Under". Her work on the show won her acclaim and several awards, including a Golden Globe and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. She is also known for playing the older version of the character Moira O'Hara on of the television anthology series "American Horror Story", which garnered Conroy her first Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television nomination, and as well an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie. Conroy subsequently portrayed The Angel of Death, Myrtle Snow, Gloria Mott, and Mama Polk on four further seasons of the show "", "", "", and "", respectively. For her performance in "Coven", she was nominated again for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.

Title: Megan Mullally

Megan Mullally (born November 12, 1958) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her role as Karen Walker on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace" (1998–2006, 2017-), for which she received 7 consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, winning twice in 2000 and 2006. She also received nominations for numerous other accolades for her portrayal, including 7 consecutive Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series, winning 3 times in 2001, 2002, and 2003, as well as receiving 4 Golden Globe Award nominations.

Title: Lucy Liu

Lucy Alexis Liu (born Lucy Liu; December 2, 1968) is an American actress, voice actress, director, producer, singer and artist. She became known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series "Ally McBeal" (1998–2002), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series. Liu's film work includes starring as one of the heroines (Alex Munday) in "Charlie's Angels" (2000), portraying O-Ren Ishii in "Kill Bill" (2003), and starring roles in the main casts of "Payback" (as Pearl; 1999), "Chicago" (as Kitty Baxter; 2002), and the animated film series "Kung Fu Panda" (2008–present) portraying the character Master Viper.

Title: Geoffrey Rush

Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer. Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award. He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year. He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).

Title: Uzo Aduba

Uzoamaka Nwanneka "Uzo" Aduba ( ; born February 10, 1981) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren on the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black" (2013–present), for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015. She is one of only two actors to win an Emmy Award recognition in both the comedy and drama categories for the same role, the other being Ed Asner for the character Lou Grant.

Title: Miranda Hobbes

Miranda Hobbes is a fictional character on the American HBO television sitcom "Sex and the City" and its subsequent film spinoffs. She is portrayed by actress Cynthia Nixon. Nixon received an Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance.

Title: Skyler White

Skyler White (née Lambert) is a fictional character in "Breaking Bad", where she is portrayed by Anna Gunn. For her portrayal, Gunn won two consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2014. She also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2014.

Title: Crazy Eyes (character)

Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren is a fictional character played by Uzo Aduba on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black". Warren is portrayed as intelligent, but lacking in social skills, and prone to spiral into emotional outbursts when agitated. The character is the only role that has received Emmy Award recognition both in the comedy and drama genres from the same show and only the second character to earn Emmy recognition in both genres. Aduba won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series as well as the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Guest Performer in a Comedy Series for her season one performance. She received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series for her season two performance. Her season three performance again won Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series. She is a recurring character in season one and a regular character beginning with season two.

Title: Cynthia Nixon

Cynthia Ellen Nixon (born April 9, 1966) is an American actress. She is known for her portrayal of Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series, "Sex and the City" (1998–2004), for which she won the 2004 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series. She reprised the role in the films "Sex and the City" (2008) and "Sex and the City 2" (2010). Other film credits include "Amadeus" (1984), "The Pelican Brief" (1993), "Little Manhattan" (2005), "5 Flights Up" (2014), "James White" (2015), and playing Emily Dickinson in "A Quiet Passion" (2016).

Title: The Green Hornet (2011 film)

The Green Hornet is a 2011 American superhero action comedy film based on the character of the same name by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker that had originated in a 1930s radio program and has appeared in movie serials, a television series, comic books, and other media. Directed by Michel Gondry and written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, the film stars Rogen, Jay Chou, Christoph Waltz, Edward James Olmos, David Harbour, Tom Wilkinson and Cameron Diaz. The film was released to theaters in North America on January 14, 2011 by Columbia Pictures, in versions including RealD Cinema and IMAX 3D. The film earned $227.8 million on a $120 million budget. "The Green Hornet" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D on May 3, 2011 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

Title: Kato (The Green Hornet)

Kato (加藤) is a fictional character from "The Green Hornet" series. This character has also appeared with the Green Hornet in film, television, book and comic book versions. Kato was the Hornet's assistant and has been played by a number of actors. On radio, Kato was initially played by Raymond Hayashi, then Roland Parker who had the role for most of the run, and in the later years Mickey Tolan and Paul Carnegie. Keye Luke took the role in the movie serials, and in the television series he was portrayed by Bruce Lee. Jay Chou played Kato in the 2011 Green Hornet film.

Title: The Green Hornet (radio series)

The Green Hornet is an American radio adventure series that debuted in 1936 and introduced the character of the Green Hornet, a masked vigilante.

Title: The Green Hornet (Hong Kong film)

The Green Hornet is a 1994 Hong Kong action film directed by Lam Ching Ying and starring Chin Ka-lok. Based on the American Green Hornet series the film focuses on the character of Kato.

Title: Cyndee San Luis

Cyndee San Luis is a Filipino American Actress. She plays Paulita Maya in the HBO series "The Newsroom," who appears in the Fourth Episode of the First Season, "I'll Try to Fix You." She was also in BET's "He's Mine Not Yours" as Natalie Su. She has also appeared in Dave Coulier's "Can't Get Arrested" Web Series Episode 2: "Saved by the Bell - Ding!" with Dave Coulier, Dennis Haskins and Kato Kaelin. She has also played double roles as twin sisters (Faye S. and Twin Sister) in the short film, "The Case" (Directed by Timothy Tau). Additionally, she appears as Lenore "Casey" Case, the secretary to Britt Reid/The Green Hornet in the Green Hornet segment of Timothy Tau's bio-pic, "Keye Luke".

Title: Bruce Lee

Lee Jun-fan (; November 27, 1940 – July 20, 1973), known professionally as Bruce Lee, was a Hong Kong and American actor, film director, martial artist, martial arts instructor, philosopher and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do. Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-chuen. He is widely considered by commentators, critics, media, and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time, and a pop culture icon of the 20th century. He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films.

Title: The Green Hornet Strikes Again!

The Green Hornet Strikes Again! (1941) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker. It is a sequel to the 1940 serial "The Green Hornet". This was Universal's 117th serial (the 49th with sound) of the 137 the studio produced. The plot involves racketeering and is unusual for a film serial in having mostly stand alone episodes instead of a continuous story (although this was also the case for the original "Green Hornet" serial).

Title: The Green Hornet (2006 film)

The Green Hornet (original title is "Le frelon vert") is a 2006 French short-movie, based on The Green Hornet character created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.

Title: The Green Hornet (TV series)

The Green Hornet is a television series on the ABC US television network that aired for the 1966–1967 TV season starring Van Williams as the Green Hornet/Britt Reid and Bruce Lee as Kato.

Title: Green Hornet

The Green Hornet is a fictional character, a masked crime-fighter, created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker, with input from radio director James Jewell, in 1936. Since his radio debut in the 1930s, the Green Hornet has appeared in numerous serialized dramas in a wide variety of media. The character appeared in film serials in the 1940s, a television show in the 1960s, multiple comic book series from the 1940s on, and a feature film in January 2011. The franchise is currently owned by Green Hornet, Inc., who license the property across a wide variety of media that includes comics, films, TV shows, radio and books. The comic book rights are currently licensed out to and Dynamite Entertainment.

Title: Liverpool F.C. league record by opponent

Liverpool Football Club is an English association football club based in Liverpool, Merseyside, which competes in the top tier of English football, for the 2015–16 season. The club was formed in 1892 following a disagreement between the board of Everton and club president John Houlding, who owned the club's ground, Anfield. The dispute over rent resulted in Everton leaving Anfield for Goodison Park, which left Houlding with an empty stadium. Not content for his ground to lay idle, he created his own club: Liverpool. Liverpool joined the Lancashire League on their foundation before the 1892–93 season. They ended their inaugural season as league champions, and were elected to The Football League soon afterwards. The club remained in The Football League until 1992, when its First Division was superseded as English football's top level by the newly formed Premier League.

Title: List of Liverpool F.C. players (1–24 appearances)

Liverpool Football Club is an English association football club based in Liverpool, Merseyside. The club was formed in 1892 following a disagreement between the board of Everton and club president John Houlding, who owned the club's ground, Anfield. The disagreement between the two parties over rent resulted in Everton moving to Goodison Park from Anfield, which left Houlding with an empty stadium. Thus, he founded Liverpool F.C. to play in the empty stadium. Liverpool won the First Division title for the first time in 1901; since then, the club has won a further 17 league titles, along with seven FA Cups and eight Football League Cups. They have also been crowned champions of European football on five occasions by winning the European Cup/UEFA Champions League in 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984 and 2005. The club was one of 22 members of the Premier League when it was formed in 1992. They experienced the most successful period in their history under the management of Bob Paisley, who guided the team to 21 trophies in nine seasons.

Title: 2009–10 Everton F.C. season

The 2009–10 season of Everton F.C. was Everton's 18th season in the Premier League and 56th consecutive season in the top division of English football. The club began their preseason friendly schedule on 10 July 2009 and concluded the summer friendlies on 7 August. Everton began their Premier League season at home in Goodison Park with a 6–1 defeat by Arsenal, the worst defeat by the North London side since a 7–0 loss in 2005. Everton's poor form continued throughout most of the first half of the season; they found themselves in 16th place, only two points clear of the relegation zone, at Christmas, though their league form improved significantly from that time. Everton entered the League Cup in the Third Round against Hull City, a match they won, but the club was eliminated in the next round by Tottenham Hotspur. They also entered the FA Cup in the Third Round Proper and were eliminated in the Fourth Round by Birmingham City.

Title: List of Liverpool F.C. seasons

Liverpool Football Club is an English association football club based in Liverpool, Merseyside. The club was formed in 1892 following a disagreement between the board of Everton and club president John Houlding, who owned the club's ground, Anfield. The disagreement between the two parties over rent resulted in Everton moving to Goodison Park from Anfield, which left Houlding with an empty stadium. Thus, he founded Liverpool F.C. to play in the empty stadium. Liverpool won the First Division title for the first time in 1901; since then, the club has won a further seventeen league titles, along with seven FA Cups and eight Football League Cups. They have also been crowned champions of European football on five occasions by winning the European Cup/UEFA Champions League in 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984 and 2005. The club was one of 22 members of the Premier League when it was formed in 1992.

Title: 1966 FA Charity Shield

The 1966 FA Charity Shield was a Merseyside derby between Liverpool and Everton at Goodison Park. Liverpool won the Football League and Everton won the 1966 FA Cup Final to qualify for the charity shield. Before the game, Roger Hunt, Alan Ball and Ray Wilson paraded the World Cup, the FA Cup and the Football League Trophy around Goodison Park.

Title: Anfield

Anfield is a football stadium in Anfield, Liverpool, England which has a seating capacity of 54,074 making it the sixth largest football stadium in England. It has been the home of Liverpool F.C. since their formation in 1892. It was originally the home of Everton F.C. from 1884 to 1891, before they moved to Goodison Park after a dispute with the club president.

Title: 1895–96 Everton F.C. season

The 1895/96 Football League season was the eighth in Football League history with Everton having been an ever present in the top division. The club played thirty-three games in England's two major competitions, winning eighteen, drawing seven and losing eight. The club finished the season in third place, six points adrift of Champions Aston Villa, and were defeated in the quarter final of the F A Cup by eventual winners The Wednesday. Their Goodison Park home hosted the drawn semi final between Wednesday and Bolton Wanderers.

Title: List of Liverpool F.C. managers

Liverpool Football Club is an English association football club based in Liverpool, Merseyside. The club was formed in 1892 following a disagreement between the board of Everton and club president John Houlding, who owned the club's ground, Anfield. The disagreement between the two parties over rent resulted in Everton with is the best moving to Goodison Park from Anfield, which left Houlding with no tenant. Thus, he founded Liverpool F.C. to play in the empty stadium. Liverpool won the First Division title for the first time in 1901; since then, the club has won a further 17 league titles, along with seven FA Cups and eight Football League Cups. They have also been crowned champions of European football on five occasions by winning the European Cup/UEFA Champions League in 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984 and 2005. The club was one of 22 members of the Premier League when it was formed in 1992.

Title: 2010–11 Everton F.C. season

The 2010–11 season of Everton F.C. was Everton's 19th season in the Premier League and 57th consecutive season in the top division of English football. It was also Everton's 112th season of league football and 114th season in all competitions. The club began their pre-season friendly schedule on 10 July 2010 with a 3-match tour of Australia. Also, for the first time in club history, Everton played against and defeated their namesake, Chilean club Everton de Viña del Mar, 2–0 in a friendly at Goodison Park. The club entered the Football League Cup in the Second Round against Huddersfield Town and were knocked out in the subsequent round in an upset defeat away to Brentford. Everton entered the FA Cup in the Third Round Proper and were eliminated in the Fifth Round by Reading. The club's Premier League campaign began on 14 August against Blackburn Rovers at Ewood Park and concluded on 22 May against Chelsea at Goodison Park. For the first time since 2006–07, Everton did not participate in any European competitions.

Title: Goodison Park

Goodison Park is a football stadium located in Walton, Liverpool, England. The stadium has been home to Premier League club Everton since its completion in 1892 and is one of the world's oldest purpose-built football grounds. The stadium is built in a residential area served by regular rail and bus services two miles (3 km) from Liverpool city centre.

Title: A Head Full of Dreams

A Head Full of Dreams is the seventh studio album by the British rock band Coldplay. It was released on 4 December 2015, by Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and by Atlantic Records in the United States. Coldplay recorded the album from late 2014 to mid 2015, right after the completion of their previous album "Ghost Stories", with a markedly different style and sound from its predecessors. For various songs, Coldplay collaborated with Beyoncé, Noel Gallagher, Tove Lo, Khatia Buniatishvili and Merry Clayton. The album was produced by Rik Simpson and Stargate. The album also features a sample of President Barack Obama singing "Amazing Grace" at Clementa C. Pinckney's funeral on the song "Kaleidoscope".

Title: Estadio Ciudad de La Plata

The Estadio Ciudad de La Plata ("City of La Plata Stadium") is a multi-purpose stadium located in the city of La Plata, Argentina. It is also known popularly as the Estadio Único and is owned by the Province of Buenos Aires, administered jointly by the provincial government, the Municipality of La Plata, and the football clubs Estudiantes de La Plata and Gimnasia y Esgrima de la Plata.

Title: A Head Full of Dreams Tour

The A Head Full of Dreams Tour is the seventh concert tour currently being undertaken by British alternative rock band Coldplay, launched in support of their namesake seventh studio album "A Head Full of Dreams". Marking the band's return to large-scale venues, after the brief and intimate Ghost Stories Tour, the tour will visit stadiums and arenas across five continents. The A Head Full of Dreams Tour boasts extensive laser light and pyrotechnic visuals similar to the Mylo Xyloto Tour, and also sees a reappearance of the Xylobands as a central part of the show's visual design. The tour consists of eight legs, with a total of 123 shows across Latin America, where they performed for the first time since the Viva la Vida Tour, Europe, North America, where they embarked on their very first stadium tour of the United States, Oceania, and Asia. The first show of the tour was held at the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata in La Plata, Argentina, on 31 March 2016 and is set to conclude at the same venue on 15 November 2017. A live album covering the tour will be released in November 2017.

Title: Hymn for the Weekend

"Hymn for the Weekend" is a song by British rock band Coldplay with uncredited guest vocals from American singer Beyoncé. It was released on 25 January 2016 as the second single from their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams" (2015). The song was written by the members of Coldplay and produced by Rik Simpson, Tim Bergling, Digital Divide, and Stargate.

Title: Wildest Dreams Tour

Wildest Dreams Tour is the seventh concert tour by American singer Tina Turner. The tour supported her eighth studio album "Wildest Dreams". The tour is Turner's biggest outing to date, performing over 250 dates in Europe, North America and Australasia—surpassing her Break Every Rule Tour in 1987. Lasting nearly 16 months, the tour is estimated to have grossed over $100 million. The tour was sponsored by Hanes, as Turner became the spokesperson for their new hosiery line. The tour was financially successful, especially in North America. It is estimated that tour grossed over 20 million dollars with an attendance of over 650,000 spectators.

Title: Kaleidoscope (EP)

Kaleidoscope is the thirteenth EP by British rock band Coldplay, released worldwide on 14 July 2017. It serves as a companion piece to Coldplay's seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams" (2015).

Title: Everglow

"Everglow" is a song by British rock band Coldplay. It is the fourth track, promotional single and fifth single proper from their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams". The song features uncredited guest vocals by Gwyneth Paltrow, the ex-wife of Chris Martin. The song was served as a promotional single of the album and released on 26 November 2015. The track was also premiered during Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show. On 11 November 2016 it was released digitally as the fifth single proper from the album, in a newly-recorded stripped-down version that was inspired by Martin's unrehearsed solo performance of the song at the recent Glastonbury Festival due to a technical mishap. The version ended with a sample of Muhammad Ali's 1977 speech in Newcastle upon Tyne.

Title: Maiden England World Tour

The Maiden England World Tour was a concert tour by Iron Maiden, which began on 21 June 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina and ended on 5 July 2014 with a performance at the Sonisphere Festival at Knebworth, UK. The tour's setlist was largely based on the original 1989 concert video of the same name, shot during the Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour in 1988, which was re-released in 2013. Because of this, the tour's setlist consisted almost entirely of the band's 1980s material, with a particular focus on their 1988 album, "Seventh Son of a Seventh Son". The stage show was also based on the original tour and featured numerous pyrotechnic effects in addition to multiple appearances by the band's mascot, Eddie. Following 2005's Eddie Rips Up the World Tour and 2008–2009's Somewhere Back in Time World Tour, this was the group's third and final tour inspired by a particular period of their history.

Title: In Your Wildest Dreams (song)

"In Your Wildest Dreams" is a duet released by Tina Turner and Barry White in 1996, from Turner's album "Wildest Dreams". The single's largest success was in Austria where it peaked at #2. The original European album version featured spoken vocals by actor Antonio Banderas, while for the single version and U.S. edition of the "Wildest Dreams" album, Turner re-recorded the track with White. "In Your Wildest Dreams", released in December 1996, was the seventh and final single release from the album and was issued in a wide range of formats and versions; the promo 12" singles featured remixes by, among others, Deep Dish and Pink Noise. Certain European CD singles also included two live recordings from the "Wildest Dreams Tour", "Missing You" and "GoldenEye".

Title: Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour

Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour was a world tour conducted by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden in 1988, in support of their seventh studio album, "Seventh Son of a Seventh Son". It was their last tour to feature guitarist Adrian Smith until he rejoined the band in 1999 and their first to include Michael Kenney (bassist Steve Harris' technician) on keyboards.

Title: Beowulf (2007 film)

Beowulf is a 2007 British-American 3D motion capture epic fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary, based on the Old English epic poem of the same name. The film was created through a motion capture process similar to the technique Zemeckis used in "The Polar Express". The cast includes Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright Penn, Brendan Gleeson, John Malkovich, Crispin Glover, Alison Lohman, and Angelina Jolie. It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on November 16, 2007, by Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros. Pictures, and was available to view in IMAX 3D, RealD, Dolby 3D and standard 2D format. The film received positive reviews from critics and it earned $196.4 million on a $150 million budget.

Title: Dreams on Spec

Dreams on Spec is a 2007 American documentary film that profiles the struggles and triumphs of emerging Hollywood screenwriters. It was written and directed by Daniel J. Snyder, who learned first-hand about the screenwriter's travails in the late 1980s when he was a teenager working alongside aspiring writer/directors Quentin Tarantino and Roger Avary in the famed Video Archives video store in Manhattan Beach, California.

Title: Braddon Mendelson

Braddon Mendelson is a producer, director and writer who was named as a defendant in the Rosa Parks v. LaFace Records lawsuit, but was subsequently dismissed from the case by the presiding judge. As a music video producer, Mendelson worked with some of the top R&B and Rap artists of the late 1990s, including Xzibit, Outkast, Bizzy Bone, Mo Thugs and Ice Cube. In 1997 he produced the feature film "Boogie Boy". The film was directed by Craig Hamann and Executive Produced by Academy Award winner Roger Avary, who were both collaborators on Quentin Tarantino's first film "My Best Friend's Birthday."

Title: Raymond Dokpesi

Raymond Anthony Aleogho Dokpesi is a Nigerian media businessman born in 1951 in Ibadan, Nigeria. His parents are from Agenebode, Edo state in a family including six sisters siblings. He entered the Nigerian mass media industry with his company DAAR Communications and set-up the Nigerian TV network Africa Independent Television (AIT) He was the organising committee chairman of the People's Democratic Party national conference in 2015.

Title: Roger Avary

Roger Avary (born August 23, 1965) is a Canadian film and television producer, screenwriter and director in the American mass media industry. He worked on "Reservoir Dogs" and "Pulp Fiction", for which he and Quentin Tarantino were awarded the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay at the 67th Academy Awards. He wrote the screenplays for "Silent Hill" and "Beowulf". He also directed "Killing Zoe" and "The Rules of Attraction".

Title: Sri Lanka Media Training Institute

The Sri Lanka Media Training Institute (SLMTI) is an autonomous establishment under the Ministry of Mass Media and Information. It was founded in 1984; as the Sri Lankan Television Training Institute to train professionals in the field of television. The institute was run in collaboration with Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES) of Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation (SLRC), and Sri Lanka Foundation Institute (SLFI). At present as the SLMTI the institute has widened its mandate to offers certificates, Diplomas and higher Diplomas in all disciplines related to Mass Media. The Chairman of SLMTI is Dr. Dharmasena Pathiraja who is a Sri Lankan film director, screenwriter and an academic.

Title: Latinos Beyond Reel

Latinos Beyond Reel is a documentary which was released on February 23, 2013. Latinos Beyond Reel taps into the harsh reality of Latino representation in the media industry. Latinos Beyond Reel was directed by Miguel Picker and Chyng-Feng Sun. "Latinos Beyond Reel" is under The Media Education Foundation (MEF). The Media Education Foundation (MEF) produced and distributed the film. The film talks about the underrepresentation and marginalization of Latinos in the U.S media. The film also talks about the effects the false representation of Latinos in the media industry has on youth. Latinos Beyond Reel captures the most unfortunate portrayal of Latinos in the media ranging from off-screen roles to animated characters in film and television.

Title: Beowulf: Return to the Shieldlands

Beowulf is a British epic fantasy drama television series from ITV, consisting of 12 episodes and created by James Dormer, Tim Haines, and Katie Newman. Dormer wrote the series based on the poem "Beowulf" and executive produced along with Haines and Newman, while Stephen Smallwood produced the series. The series began airing in the United Kingdom on 3 January 2016 and in the United States from 23 January 2016. Shortly into the series, ITV announced that the series would not be picked up for another season, and the show finished with its original 12 episodes.

Title: Christopher Panzner

Christopher Panzner (born 1959) is an American artist/writer/producer living and working in France. He has worked for a number of pioneers in the television and film industry, notably as Technical Director for the inventor of interactive television shopping, the Home Shopping Network and as Operations Director, France, for the inventor of the colorization process for black-and-white films, Color Systems Technology. He has developed animation software (Pixibox), designed theme channels (Canal +) and was Managing Director of the Luxembourg-based studio, Luxanima, which shared an International Emmy in 1994 for French CGI series Insektors. He went on to set up an animation/FX studio (motion capture/motion control), Image Effects, where he supervised the creation of 2D animated series "The Tidings" for Entertainment Rights before creating his own studio in the east of France the following year, Talkie Walkie, specializing in pre-production (design, storyboard and layout) and computer production (ink-and-paint/compositing) and whose clients included a Who’s Who of international television animation producers such as SIP, RTV Family Entertainment, Alphanim and Cinar (now called Cookie Jar.) He joined Paris-based production company TEVA in 2001 and was instrumental in the financing and/or the making of five animated features there in 2002–2004: double-Oscar nominated The Triplets of Belleville, Venice Film Festival selection "The Dog, the General and the Birds", "Jester Till", "Blackmor’s Treasure" (Associate Producer) and "Charlie and Mimmo" (Co-Producer). In 2002, TEVA and Mistral Films won the grand prize at IMAGINA for an experimental short film, "The Tale of the Floating World" directed by Alain Escalle, beating such prestigious competition as "Shrek", "Amélie" and "The Lord of the Rings", and was entirely responsible for the fabrication of Storimages’ Pulcinella-winning and International Emmy-nominated special, "Harold Peeble", based on the book by famous French illustrator Sempé. In 2006, "The Triplets of Belleville", "The Dog, the General and the Pigeons" and "Blackmor’s Treasure" were part of an eight-film retrospective of contemporary French animation at the Museum of Modern Art in New York called "Grand Illusions: The Best of Recent French Animation."

Title: The Polar Express (film)

The Polar Express is a 2004 American 3D computer-animated Christmas musical fantasy film based on the 1985 children's book of the same name by Chris Van Allsburg, who served as one of the executive producers on the film. Written, produced, and directed by Robert Zemeckis, the film features human characters animated using live action motion capture animation. The film stars Daryl Sabara, Nona Gaye, Jimmy Bennett, and Eddie Deezen, with Tom Hanks in six distinct roles. The film also included a performance by Tinashe at age 9, who later gained exposure as a pop singer in 2010, as the CGI-model for the female protagonist.

Title: International House (1933 film)

International House is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film starring Peggy Hopkins Joyce and W. C. Fields, directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures. The tagline of the film was "The Grand Hotel of comedy". It is a mixture of comedy and musical acts tied together by a slim plot line, in the style of the Big Broadcast pictures that were also released by Paramount during the 1930s. In addition to some typical comedic lunacy from W. C. Fields and Burns and Allen, it provides a snapshot of some popular stage and radio acts of the era. The film includes some risqué pre-Code humor.

Title: Ginger Rogers

Ginger Rogers (born Virginia Katherine McMath; July 16, 1911 – April 25, 1995) was an American actress, dancer, and singer, widely known for performing in films and RKO's musical films, partnered with Fred Astaire. She appeared on stage, as well as on radio and television, throughout much of the 20th century.

Title: Hat Check Girl

Hat Check Girl is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Sidney Lanfield and written by Barry Conners and Philip Klein. The film stars Sally Eilers, Ben Lyon, Ginger Rogers and Monroe Owsley. The film was released on October 8, 1932, by Fox Film Corporation.

Title: The Big Shot (1931 film)

The Big Shot is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Ralph Murphy and written by Earl Baldwin, Hal Conklin, George Dromgold, and Joseph Fields. The film stars Eddie Quillan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Mary Nolan, Roscoe Ates and Belle Bennett. The film was released on December 18, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

Title: Sweepstakes (film)

Sweepstakes is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell from a screenplay written by Lew Lipton and Ralph Murphy. The film stars Eddie Quillan, James Gleason, Marian Nixon, Lew Cody, and Paul Hurst, which centers around the travails and romances of jockey Buddy Doyle, known as the "Whoop-te-doo Kid" for his trademark yell during races. Produced by the newly formed RKO Pathé Pictures, this was the first film Charles R. Rogers would produce for the studio, after he replaced William LeBaron as head of production. The film was released on July 10, 1931, through RKO Radio Pictures.

Title: Ladies of the Jury

Ladies of the Jury is a 1932 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Lowell Sherman and written by Marion Dix, Edward Salisbury Field and Eddie Welch. The film stars Edna May Oliver, Jill Esmond, Ken Murray, Roscoe Ates and Kitty Kelly. The film was released on February 5, 1932, by RKO Pictures. . It was based on the 1929 play, "Ladies of the Jury", written by John Frederick Ballard.

Title: Cracked Nuts

Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, from an original screenplay written by Al Boasberg and Ralph Spence. The film stars the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey (Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey), as well as Dorothy Lee. It also features Boris Karloff in a small supporting role. The film was one of RKO's only financial successes of the year.

Title: The Half-Naked Truth

The Half-Naked Truth is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Gregory LaCava and featuring Lee Tracy as a carnival pitchman who finagles his girlfriend, a fiery hoochie dancer played by Lupe Vélez, into a major Broadway revue under the auspices of an impresario portrayed by Frank Morgan. The film was released on December 16, 1932, by RKO Radio Pictures.

Title: The Gay Nighties

The Gay Nighties is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film featuring Clark & McCullough and directed by Mark Sandrich.

Title: Little Orphan Annie (1932 film)

Little Orphan Annie is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by John S. Robertson and written by Wanda Tuchock and Tom McNamara. It is based on the comic strip "Little Orphan Annie" by Harold Gray. The film stars Mitzi Green, Buster Phelps, May Robson, Matt Moore and Edgar Kennedy. The film was released on November 4, 1932, by RKO Pictures.

Title: New Arrangement

New Arrangement is an album by Jackie DeShannon, released by Columbia Records (PC 33500) in 1975. It contains the first recording of "Bette Davis Eyes", written by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon in 1974 and covered by Kim Carnes on the album "Mistaken Identity" (1981). Another song, "Boat to Sail," that features Brian Wilson and then-wife Marilyn singing backing vocals, was covered by The Carpenters in their 1976 album "A Kind of Hush".

Title: Danity Kane discography

The discography of Danity Kane, an American R&B group, consists of two studio album, five singles, and four music videos. Danity Kane were formed in 2005 during the third season of the reality television series "Making the Band", and consisted of Aubrey O'Day, Wanita "D. Woods" Woodgett, Shannon Bex, Dawn Richard, and Aundrea Fimbres. The group disbanded in January 2009 during the fourth season of "Making the Band". The group released their self titled debut album in August 2006. The album reached number one on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Danity Kane's debut single, "Show Stopper", which featured rapper Yung Joc, reached number eight on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. " Ride for You", their second single, reached number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. " Welcome to the Dollhouse", Danity Kane's second album, was released in March 2008. It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA. The album's lead single, "Damaged", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the RIAA. The group's fifth single, "Bad Girl", featured Missy Elliott and reached number 110 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Title: Bette Davis Eyes

"Bette Davis Eyes" is a song written and composed by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon, and made popular by American singer Kim Carnes. DeShannon recorded it in 1974; Carnes's 1981 version spent nine weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was "Billboard"' s biggest hit of 1981.

Title: You Keep Me Hangin' On

"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a 1966 song written and composed by Holland–Dozier–Holland. It first became a popular "Billboard" Hot 100 number one hit for the American Motown group The Supremes in late 1966. The rock band Vanilla Fudge covered the song a year later and had a top ten hit with their version. British pop singer Kim Wilde covered "You Keep Me Hangin' On" in 1986, bumping it back to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1987. The single reached number one by two different musical acts in America. In the first 32 years of the "Billboard" Hot 100 rock era, “You Keep Me Hangin' On” became one of only six songs to achieve this feat. In 1996, country music singer Reba McEntire's version reached number 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart.

Title: Put a Little Love in Your Heart

"Put a Little Love in Your Heart" is a song originally performed in 1969 by Jackie DeShannon, who composed it with her brother, Randy Myers, and Jimmy Holiday. In the US, it was DeShannon's highest-charting hit, reaching number 4 on the Hot 100 in August 1969 and number 2 on the Adult Contemporary charts. In late 1969, the song reached number one on South Africa's hit parade.

Title: Animal (Neon Trees song)

"Animal" is the lead single from Neon Trees' debut studio album, "Habits". It debuted in June 2010 at number 100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and has reached a peak of number 13 in its twenty-two week on the chart. In Canada, the song debuted at number 95 on the Canadian Hot 100 and has climbed to number 29. The song has reached number one on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart after 32 weeks, making "Animal" their first number-one song on a "Billboard" chart. This also broke the record for the longest-length of time for a song to get to the top of that list after entering. The song reached number two on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart. In one of the music videos of the song, the band is destroying an art gallery. On May 22, 2011, the song won Top Alternative Song in the 2011 "Billboard" Music Awards.

Title: I Got You Babe

"I Got You Babe" is a song written by Sonny Bono. It was the first single taken from the debut studio album "Look at Us", of the American pop music duo Sonny & Cher. In August 1965, their single spent three weeks at number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States where it sold more than 1 million copies and was certified Gold. It also reached number 1 in the United Kingdom and Canada. In 1985, a cover version of "I Got You Babe" by British reggae/pop band UB40 featuring American singer Chrissie Hynde, peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart and reached number 28 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart. A 1993 version by Cher with Beavis and Butt-Head bubbled under the Hot 100 chart.

Title: Just the Two of Us (Grover Washington Jr. song)

"Just the Two of Us" is a 1981 R&B single written by Bill Withers, William Salter and Ralph MacDonald, which was recorded by Grover Washington Jr. and Bill Withers. The song originally appeared on Washington's 1980 album "Winelight". An edited version reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, staying there for 3 weeks, behind "Morning Train (9 to 5)" by Sheena Easton and "Bette Davis Eyes" by Kim Carnes. The song won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Song. Bill Withers included the edited version on the 1981 compilation "Bill Withers' Greatest Hits" and many subsequent greatest hits collections.

Title: Donna Lewis

Donna Lewis is a British singer-songwriter and record producer from Cardiff, Wales. She is best known for the 1996 pop hit single "I Love You Always Forever", which peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart, and also peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, and the United States. In the latter country, "I Love You Always Forever" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks, having been held off the summit by "Macarena" by Los Del Rio. It also became the highest-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 by a Welsh artist since Bonnie Tyler topped the chart with Total Eclipse of the Heart in 1983. Additionally, the single holds the record for being drawn for third place among songs with the longest runs at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at second for most weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Mainstream Top 40 chart. Lewis teamed up with Richard Marx in the 1997 adult contemporary hit "At the Beginning." In 1997, Lewis was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Female.

Title: I Love You Always Forever

"I Love You Always Forever" is a song by British singer Donna Lewis. It was released in the United States in May 1996 as the lead single from her debut album, "Now in a Minute". Inspired by the H. E. Bates novel "Love for Lydia", it peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart. Outside the United Kingdom, it peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the United States. In the latter country, the song peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it remained for nine weeks during the summer of 1996, kept from number one by Los Del Rio's "Macarena". Despite this, the song was number one on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for thirteen weeks and the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart for eleven weeks, becoming one of the most played songs of the 1990s. The song therefore is drawn for third place among songs with the longest runs at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and drawn at second for the most weeks at the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart. In Australia, the single also peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart. In 2016, the song was covered by Australian pop singer Betty Who, peaking at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart.

Title: ForPlay

ForPlay is the first EP by American indie rock band Saint Motel. The album had a music video for every song that was also included on the CD itself.

Title: Lior Goldenberg

Lior Goldenberg (born September 28, 1974) is a producer and mixer from Tel Aviv, Israel. He currently resides in Los Angeles, California. He has worked with Rancid, Macy Gray, Sheryl Crow, MxPx, Vanessa Carlton, Marilyn Manson, Andrew W.K., Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Alanis Morissette, Ziggy Marley, and indie bands Allen Stone, Crash Kings, Saint Motel and Wil Seabrook. He works out of his private studio in Woodland Hills.

Title: My Type

"My Type" is a song by American indie pop band Saint Motel. It was released as the lead single from their EP of the same name in January 2014. The song has been featured in two films, "Paper Towns" and "Mr. Right" (both 2015). The song appeared on the soundtrack of video games "FIFA 15" and "Pro Evolution Soccer 2016".

Title: Saintmotelevision

Saintmotelevision (stylized as saintmotelevision) is the second studio album by American indie pop band Saint Motel. It was released on October 21, 2016, by Elektra Records.

Title: Curve Lake First Nation

The Curve Lake First Nation is Mississauga Ojibway First Nation located in Peterborough County of Ontario. The Curve Lake First Nation occupies three reserves; Curve Lake First Nation 35, Curve Lake 35A, and Islands in the Trent Waters Indian Reserve 36A. The last of these reserves is shared with the Hiawatha First Nation and the Scugog First Nation. The Curve Lake First Nation registered a population on these three reserves of 741, with an additional 1,050 registered band members living off-reserve.

Title: Voyeur (Saint Motel album)

Voyeur is the debut album by American band Saint Motel, released on July 10, 2012 through OnThe Records. The album was recorded at the band's Los Angeles studio as well as Crown City Recordings.

Title: Lars Stalfors

Lars Stalfors is an American musician, record producer, writer and mixer based in Los Angeles, CA. Lars’ most recent credits include Cold War Kids albums “L.A. Divine” (2017) and “Hold My Home” (2014) including the #1 alternative song “First”. He has also worked with and has new releases on deck with Foster the People, Electric Guest, White Lung, Antwon, HEALTH, Alice Glass, Saint Motel, Local Natives.”

Title: Saint Motel

Saint Motel is an American indie pop band from Los Angeles, whose music has been described as everything from "dream pop" to "indie prog". The band consists of A/J Jackson (lead vocals, guitar, piano), Aaron Sharp (lead guitar), Dak Lerdamornpong (bass), and Greg Erwin (drums).

Title: Curve (band)

Curve were an English alternative rock and electronica duo from London, formed in 1990 and split in 2005. The band consisted of Toni Halliday (vocals, occasionally guitar) and Dean Garcia (bass, guitar, drums, programming). Halliday wrote also the lyrics of their songs and they both contributed to songwriting. An important collaborator was the producer Alan Moulder, who helped them to shape their blend of heavy beats and densely layered guitar tracks set against Halliday's vocals.

Title: AJ Jackson

A/J Jackson (born Alexander Leonard Jackson) is an American filmmaker and musician from Los Angeles, California. He produces commercials and music videos, as well writes songs and is lead singer for the band Saint Motel. He is known for his enthusiastic stage performances.

Title: Major Boobage

"Major Boobage" is the third episode in season 12 of the American animated television series "South Park". The 170th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 26, 2008. The episode was co-written by series creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone; it was the first South Park episode since 2000 not solely written by Parker, ending a streak of 120 consecutive straight solo episodes. The previous episode co-written by Stone was "The Tooth Fairy's Tats 2000".

Title: South Park (season 7)

Season seven of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 19, 2003. The seventh season concluded after 15 episodes on December 17, 2003, and was written and directed by Trey Parker.

Title: South Park (season 8)

Season eight of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 17, 2004. The eighth season concluded after 14 episodes on December 15, 2004, and was written and directed by Trey Parker. The season deals with various topics that were relevant at the time of release. The episodes portray a spectrum of topics, from effect of large scale retails corporations to immigration.

Title: South Park (season 12)

The twelfth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 12, 2008. The twelfth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 19, 2008. "Saturday Night Live" cast member Bill Hader is credited as a consultant starting with this season. Parker was the director and writer in this twelfth season. Stone was also the writer on the third episode of the twelfth season.

Title: South Park (season 2)

Season two of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on April 1, 1998. The second season concluded after 18 episodes on January 20, 1999; it remains the longest season of "South Park" to date. While most of the episodes were directed by series creator Trey Parker, Season 2 includes two episodes directed by Eric Stough.

Title: South Park (season 15)

The fifteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" began airing on Comedy Central on April 27, 2011 and ended on November 16, 2011. In response to reactions to the mid-season finale episode "You're Getting Old", which seemed to insinuate that creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone were wrapping up the series, Comedy Central proclaimed through the media that "South Park" was renewed for two more seasons, and the duo were signed through 2013. Shortly before the airing of the season finale episode "The Poor Kid", "South Park" was extended again until 2016, taking the show to 20 seasons. Parker was the director and writer for all episodes, and Robert Lopez was the writer in this eleventh episode for the fifteenth season.

Title: South Park (season 9)

Season nine of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 9, 2005. The ninth season concluded after 14 episodes on December 7, 2005. All of the episodes in the ninth season were written and directed by Trey Parker.

Title: South Park (season 10)

The tenth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 22, 2006. The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006. This is the first season in which Kenny does not die and the last season featuring Isaac Hayes (the voice of Chef) as Hayes quit the show following the backlash behind season nine's "Trapped in the Closet" episode. This season also had a minor controversy when the Halloween episode "Hell on Earth 2006" depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party for not being in costume. Episode 2 in this season is the last one with the Braniff Airlines logo. All the episodes in this season were written and directed by Trey Parker.

Title: Funnybot

"Funnybot" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 211th episode of the series overall. "Funnybot" premiered in the United States on Comedy Central on May 4, 2011, the first time a "South Park" episode has aired in May since season 10's "Tsst" in 2006. "Funnybot" parodies The Comedy Awards, black comedian Tyler Perry, the Daleks from "Doctor Who", and the death of Osama bin Laden.

Title: Eric Cartman

Eric Theodore Cartman, often referred to as just Cartman, is a main character in the animated television series "South Park", created by Matt Stone and Trey Parker, and voiced by Trey Parker. Cartman, generally referred to by his surname, is one of four central characters in "South Park", along with his friends Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick. Cartman first appeared, originally named Kenny, in prototypical form in a 1992 animated short "Jesus vs. Frosty", and a 1995 animated short "Jesus vs. Santa", and first appeared on television in the pilot episode of "South Park", "Cartman Gets an Anal Probe", on August 13, 1997.

Title: Chestnut Hill West station

Chestnut Hill West station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Located at 9 West Evergreen Avenue in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood, it serves the Chestnut Hill West Line. It was originally built by the Philadelphia, Germantown and Chestnut Hill Railroad between 1883 and 1884, and later acquired by the Pennsylvania Railroad. In 1918, when the line was electrified, the station was rebuilt to accommodate the upgrade.

Title: List of Boston College Eagles football seasons

The Boston College Eagles college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing Boston College in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Boston College has played their home games at Alumni Stadium in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts since 1957. Boston College claims one national championship in 1940, though the NCAA doesn't recognize it, and have played in 22 Bowl Games, winning 13. With 626 wins over 120 seasons of football, Boston College ranks 51st all-time in win-loss records in the NCAA. Boston College played as an Independent until joining the Big East Conference in 1991. Boston College later joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 2005.

Title: Chestnut Hill (Leesburg, Virginia)

Chestnut Hill is an 18th-century Federal-style mansion north of Leesburg in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States. Chestnut Hill was a home of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–21 December 1838), a prominent jurist, lawyer, councilman, judge, mayor of Alexandria, and grandson of Founding Father of the United States George Mason. Chestnut Hill was also a home of Mason's son, Dr. John "Frank" Francis Mason (28 August 1828–4 August 1897). It is located at 13263 Chestnut Hill Lane near Leesburg.

Title: Old Chestnut Hill Historic District

The Old Chestnut Hill Historic District encompasses the historic residential heart of the Newton portion of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts. When first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, the district extended along Hammond Street, between Beacon Street and the MBTA Green Line right-of-way, and along Chestnut Hill Road between Hammond and Essex, including properties along a few adjacent streets. The district was expanded in 1990 to include more of Chestnut Hill Road and Essex Road, Suffolk Road and the roads between it and Hammond, and a small section south of the Green Line including properties on Hammond Street, Longwood Road, and Middlesex Road. A further expansion in 1999 added a single property on Suffolk Road.

Title: Boston College

Boston College (also referred to as BC) is a private Jesuit Catholic research university located in the affluent village of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States, 6 mi west of downtown Boston. It has 9,100 full-time undergraduates and almost 5,000 graduate students. The university's name reflects its early history as a liberal arts college and preparatory school (now Boston College High School) in Dorchester. It is a member of the 568 Group and the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. Its main campus is a historic district and features some of the earliest examples of collegiate gothic architecture in North America.

Title: 2007 Boston College Eagles football team

The 2007 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. It was Boston College's third season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). The Eagles were led by Jeff Jagodzinski in his first season as Boston College head coach. Boston College has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference's (ACC) Atlantic Division since joining the league in 2005, after leaving the Big East Conference. The Eagles played their home games in 2007 at Alumni Stadium in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, which has been their home stadium since 1957.

Title: Jesuit Ivy

"Jesuit Ivy" is the title of a commencement speech delivered at Boston College, a Jesuit university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States. The term was coined in a 1956 commencement address by then-Massachusetts Senator John F. Kennedy. Speaking at the Jesuit university, he was likely making reference to the Ivy League, an athletic conference established in 1954. The term "Jesuit Ivy" was somewhat of a contradiction in terms. The Ivy League's members were generally Protestant-founded institutions; Boston College had itself been founded in part because Catholics were being denied admission to Harvard University in the nineteenth century. The nickname suggested both Boston College's rising stature and the declining prevalence of discrimination at elite American universities. Kennedy, a Catholic whose family were longtime Boston College benefactors, graduated from Harvard in 1940; as did his father in 1912, and his brothers Joe Jr, Robert and Edward in 1938, 1948 and 1956 respectively.

Title: Stanford University

Stanford University (Stanford; officially Leland Stanford Junior University, colloquially the Farm) is a private research university in Stanford, California, adjacent to Palo Alto and between San Jose and San Francisco. Stanford's undergraduate program is the most selective in America. Due to its academic strength, wealth, and proximity to Silicon Valley it is often cited as one of the world's most prestigious universities.

Title: Chestnut Hill Reservoir Historic District

The Chestnut Hill Reservoir Historic District is a historic district encompassing the Chestnut Hill Reservoir and the surrounding water works facilities which were historically used to provide fresh water to Boston, Massachusetts, and surrounding towns. The district is nearly coextensive with the Chestnut Hill Reservation, a state park managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR); those elements of the water works that are still required as an emergency backup are managed by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA). The reservoir is located between Beacon Street and Commonwealth Avenue in Boston, just east of the Boston College Main Campus Historic District and the Boston-Newton city line. Most of the water works facilities are also located in Boston; the terminal house of the Sudbury Aqueduct, which is part of this district, is located just over the line in Newton.

Title: Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts

Chestnut Hill is an affluent New England village located six miles (10 km) west of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Like all Massachusetts villages, Chestnut Hill is not an incorporated municipal entity. Unlike most Massachusetts villages, it encompasses parts of three separate municipalities, each located in a different county: the town of Brookline in Norfolk County; the city of Boston in Suffolk County (parts of its neighborhoods of Brighton and West Roxbury), and the city of Newton in Middlesex County. Chestnut Hill's borders are roughly defined by the 02467 ZIP Code. Chestnut Hill is not a topographical designation; the name refers to several small hills that overlook the 135-acre (546,000 m) Chestnut Hill Reservoir rather than one particular hill. Chestnut Hill is best known as the home of Boston College, part of the Boston Marathon route, as well as the Collegiate Gothic canvas of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.

Title: Arthur Rigby (actor)

Arthur Turner (27 September 1900 – 25 April 1971) was an English actor. He was best known for playing Sgt Flint on the TV series "Dixon of Dock Green", appearing in 253 episodes from 1955 to 1965. He also appeared with "Dixon" 's star Jack Warner in the 1949 film "The Blue Lamp", which was also the film in which the character of PC George Dixon was created.

Title: Walter Reed (actor)

Walter Reed (born Walter Reed Smith, February 10, 1916 – August 20, 2001) was an American stage, film and television actor. He was born in Fort Ward, Washington. Following a stint as a Broadway actor, Reed broke into films in 1941. He appeared in several features for RKO Radio Pictures, including the last two "Mexican Spitfire" comedies (in which Reed replaced Buddy Rogers as the Spitfire's husband). Perhaps his most memorable role was as the spineless wagon driver husband of Gail Russell in the western "Seven Men from Now". Reed also appeared in the very first Superman theatrical feature film "Superman and the Mole Men" in 1951.

Title: Brian Lane Green

Brian Lane Green (born March 9, 1962) is an American stage and television actor and singer. He is known for his stage roles throughout the country such as the title character in Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. Green garnered a Tony Award nomination for his performance in the 1989 Broadway production of "Starmites". He also appeared as JoJo in "The Life" on Broadway.

Title: Eric Thal

Eric Thal (born August 10, 1965) is an American film and stage actor, perhaps best known as Ariel in Sidney Lumet's "A Stranger Among Us"; Sam Nivens in "The Puppet Masters"; Samson in "Samson and Delilah"; Meade Howell in "The Wedding"; and Rick in "Six Degrees of Separation".

Title: Victor Mature

Victor John Mature (January 29, 1913 – August 4, 1999) was an American stage, film, and television actor who starred most notably in several Biblical movies during the 1950s, and was known for his dark good looks and mega-watt smile. His best known film roles include "One Million B.C." (1940), "My Darling Clementine" (1946), "Kiss of Death" (1947), "Samson and Delilah" (1949), and "The Robe" (1953). He also appeared in a large number of musicals opposite such stars as Rita Hayworth and Betty Grable.

Title: Teru Shimada

Teru Shimada (November 17, 1905 – June 19, 1988) was an acclaimed Japanese-American actor who was cast most famously as Mr. Osato, a SPECTRE agent in the 1967 James Bond film, "You Only Live Twice". His film career began in 1932 with the "Night Club Lady". He appeared with Peter Lorre in the 1939 classic "Mr. Moto's Last Warning". Another notable role was opposite Humphrey Bogart in the 1949 film, "Tokyo Joe". He had an uncredited role in 20th Century Fox's 1966 film "Batman" as a Japanese Delegate, and as Mr. Kurawa in Cary Grant's final film, Walk, Don't Run. He also appeared in an episode (titled "And Five of Us are Left") of the 1960s American television series "Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea" in 1965. That year he also made a guest appearance on "Perry Mason" as Dr. Maseo Tachikawa in "The Case of the Baffling Bug." In 1970, he had had a leading role in an episode of "Hawaii Five-O" (titled "The Reunion"). He later retired in the mid-1970s following appearances in "Barnaby Jones" and "The Six Million Dollar Man", and died in Encino, California in 1988.

Title: Elois Jenssen

Elois Jenssen (November 5, 1922 – February 14, 2004) was an American film and television costume designer. She earned Academy Awards nominations for design work in the Cecil B. DeMille production "Samson and Delilah" (1949) and for her work on the Walt Disney Studios film "Tron" (1982).

Title: Ivan Samson

Ivan Samson (28 August 1894 – 1 May 1963) was a British stage, film and television actor. Samson appeared regularly in West End plays and from 1920 began appearing in British silent films. He played Viscount de Mornay in "I Will Repay" and Lord Dudley in "The Loves of Mary, Queen of Scots". In later talkie films, Samson played roles in the literary adaptations "The Winslow Boy" (1948) and "The Browning Version" (1951). His final film appearance was as Admiral Loddon in the 1959 film "Libel". He also appeared in television series such as "The Teckman Biography", "Operation Diplomat" and "Dixon of Dock Green".

Title: Gary Watson

Gary Watson (13 June 1930 in Shropshire, England) is a retired British television actor who started out as a stage actor most notably acting in Friedrich Hebbel's 1962 play "Judith" at Her Majesty's Theatre in London, England with Sean Connery. He was however best known for his appearances in British ITC productions of the 1960s including "The Avengers", "The Saint" and "Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)" in 1969 in the last episode The Smile Behind the Veil. In 1966 he played in all 10 episodes of The Three Musketeers as Aramis starring alongside Brian Blessed and Jeremy Brett. He also appeared in the 1967 "Doctor Who" serial The Evil of the Daleks. He appeared alongside Anthony Hopkins in the 1972 Television series War and Peace. He played the semi-regular character of Det. Insp. Fred Connor in the long running BBC police drama Z-Cars between 1972 and 1974. In 1974 he played George Vavsor for 5 episodes in The Pallisers which also featured Jeremy Irons. In 1977, he played the role of Ross in the BBC series "Murder Most English" and also appeared in the 1988 BBC adaptation of Macbeth playing MacDuff. He was also much employed as a reader and narrator, featuring in dozens of commercials throughout the 1980s and 1990s, particularly noted for his work in British Transport Films, Lloyds Bank and Nescafé adverts.

Title: Samson and Delilah (1984 film)

Samson and Delilah is a 1984 television film adaptation of the biblical story of Samson and Delilah, starring Max von Sydow, Belinda Bauer, Antony Hamilton, Daniel Stern and Victor Mature. Mature played Samson in the 1949 film and had a small cameo as the father of Antony Hamilton's Samson. This was his final acting role. Based on the novel "Husband of Delilah" by Eric Linklater, "Samson and Delilah" originally aired on ABC.

Title: Iqaluit Airport

Iqaluit Airport (IATA: YFB, ICAO: CYFB) serves Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada and is located adjacent to the town. It is operated by the government of Nunavut. It hosts scheduled passenger service from Ottawa, Montreal, Rankin Inlet and Kuujjuaq on carriers such as First Air and Canadian North, and from smaller communities throughout eastern Nunavut. It is also used as a forward operating base by the CF-18 Hornet. In 2011, the terminal handled more than 120,000 passengers.

Title: Frobisher Bay Air Base

Frobisher Bay Air Base is a former United States Air Force facility adjacent to the then town of Frobisher Bay, Northwest Territories (now Iqaluit, Nunavut); 1299 mi north of Ottawa, Ontario. It was closed in 1963 and became a civilian airport Frobisher Bay Airport (Iqaluit Airport since 1987).

Title: Lawren Harris

Lawren Stewart Harris, CC (October 23, 1885 – January 29, 1970) was a Canadian painter. He was born in Brantford, Ontario, and is best known as a member of the Group of Seven who pioneered a distinctly Canadian painting style in the early twentieth century. A. Y. Jackson has been quoted as saying that Harris provided the stimulus for the Group of Seven. During the 1920s, Harris's works became more abstract and simplified, especially his stark landscapes of the Canadian north and Arctic. He also stopped signing and dating his works so that people would judge his works on their own merit and not by the artist or when they were painted. In 1969, he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada.

Title: Frank Wolf (adventurer)

Frank Wolf (born 1970) is a Canadian adventurer, filmmaker, writer and environmentalist. He is known for films, feature magazine articles, and online columns that document wilderness expeditions around the world, with a focus on the Canadian North. His expeditions include being the first to canoe across Canada in one season and cycling 2,000 km in winter on the Yukon River from Dawson to Nome. His films include "Wild Ones", "The Hand of Franklin", "Kitturiaq", "On the Line", "Mammalian", and "Borealis", all of which broadcast on CBC's "documentary "channel in Canada. In 2012 he was named one of Canada's Top Ten Adventurers by Explore Magazine, and in 2015 he was named One of Canada's Top 100 Explorers by Canadian Geographic Magazine.

Title: Selwyn Egerton Sangster

Selwyn Egerton Sangster, known as Canuck, was a Canadian outdoorsman and writer. He lived 1883 to 1966. He was a member of the Canadian North West Mounted Police, and for years attached to the Canadian Indian Service. He founded a hunting and fishing outfitting organisation in the Height of Land region of North Canada.

Title: Canadian North

Canadian North Inc. is an airline headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. It operates scheduled passenger services to communities in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. Southern gateways include Edmonton and Ottawa. Its main base is Edmonton Airport.

Title: Nunatsiaq News

Nunatsiaq News (Inuktitut: ᓄᓇᑦᓯᐊᕐᒥ ᐱᕙᓪᓕᐊᔪᑦ ) is a Canadian weekly newspaper based in Iqaluit, Nunavut serving Nunavut and the Nunavik region of northern Quebec and has been in operation since 1973. The paper, published every Friday by Nortext Publishing Corporation of Iqaluit and Ottawa, bears a retail price of $1.00. Co-op stores in Nunavut and Nunavik distribute it to their customers for free.

Title: Air Nunavut

Air Nunavut is an airline based in Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada. It is the only local and Inuit-owned air carrier in the eastern Arctic, operating MEDEVAC and charter services throughout Canada's Arctic, northern Quebec and Greenland. Its main base is Iqaluit Airport.

Title: First Air

Bradley Air Services Limited, operating as First Air, is an airline headquartered in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It operates services to 34 communities in Nunavut, Nunavik, and the Northwest Territories. The majority of its fleet is available for charters worldwide. First Air has assisted in various humanitarian missions such as the 2010 Haiti earthquake, airlifting relief supplies and equipment. Its main base, which includes a large hangar, cargo and maintenance facility, is located at Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport, with hubs at Iqaluit Airport, Rankin Inlet Airport and Yellowknife Airport.

Title: Bernard Émond

Bernard Émond (born Montreal 1951) is a Québecois and Canadian director, screenwriter, novelist and essayist working in the French-language. He studied anthropology at university and lived for several years in the Canadian north where he worked for the Inuit Broadcasting Corporation. He began his film career making documentaries, later moving to feature-length films, all of which have been shot in Quebec. He is noted for the humanistic, sometimes spiritual depth of his films, in particular his trilogy of feature films (2007, 2009, 2012) based on the three Christian virtues, faith, hope, and charity. Other themes in his work include human dignity and frailty, and cultural loss. He describes himself as an agnostic and a "conservative socialist."

Title: Socialist Party of Connecticut

The Socialist Party of Connecticut (SPCT) is a socialist political party in the U.S. state of Connecticut. Founded as an affiliate of the Socialist Party of America, the party split with the SPA in 1936 and joined the Social Democratic Federation. In 1957, the Social Democratic Federation reunified with the Socialist Party of America. In 1973, the SPA voted to reform and rename itself Social Democrats, USA, which sought to reform the Democratic Party. The current Socialist Party of Connecticut is the state chapter of the Socialist Party USA.

Title: Royal Spa Centre

The Royal Spa Centre is a Theatre in Leamington Spa, England. The Centre was officially opened on 15 June 1972 by Anthony Eden, one time MP for Leamington and Warwick and Prime Minister of the UK. It was designed by the Architect Sir Frederick Gibberd and has two Auditoria, the first of which is a traditional Theatre which can hold 667 people. The second is a Cinema/Studio Theatre which holds up to 188, which shows films or used as a small theatre space.

Title: Federation Party

The Federation Party was Fiji's first formal political party. The Citizens Federation, which had won three of the four seats reserved for Indo-Fijians at the 1963 elections, decided to formalize its role as a political party, which was officially founded on 21 June 1964 with A. D. Patel as President and Sidiq Koya as Vice-President. The merger took place in time for the party to participate in the 1965 constitutional conference which was called to map out a path towards independence from the United Kingdom. In 1968, the Federation Party merged with the National Democratic Party to form the National Federation Party, which is now (2015) the oldest political party in Fiji still in existence.

Title: Boerestaat Party

The Boerstaat Party (English: "Boer State Party" ) is a right wing South African political party founded on 30 September 1986 by the late Robert van Tonder. It was never officially registered as a political party because it was unable to rally 500 persons under one roof, a requirement under South African electoral law for official political party status. It was never represented in the South African Parliament, neither in the apartheid era nor after democratisation. In 1989, it joined the Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB) in declaring support for Jaap Marais, the leader of the Herstigte Nasionale Party and has worked with the HNP on occasion since. The party was a charter member of the Afrikaner Volksfront coalition group. It has also operated with the paramilitary group, the "Boere Weerstandsbeweging" (Boer Resistance Movement) led by Andrew Ford.

Title: Anthony Eden

Robert Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon, (12 June 1897 – 14 January 1977) was a British Conservative politician who served three periods as Foreign Secretary and then a relatively brief term as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1955 to 1957.

Title: Political party committee

In the United States, a political party committee is an organization, officially affiliated with a political party and registered with the Federal Elections Commission (FEC), which raises and spends money for political campaigning. Political party committees are distinct from political action committees, which are formally independent of political parties and subject to different rules.

Title: Royal Pump Rooms

The Royal Pump Rooms (signed Royal Pump Room and Baths) is a Grade II listed building on the Parade in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England. It was the most famous of several spa baths opened in Leamington between the late-18th and mid-19th centuries. People would travel from throughout the country, and indeed Europe, to benefit from treatments using the town's healing waters. When 'taking the waters' became less fashionable after the mid-19th century the Pump Rooms became Leamington's only surviving spa facility, later also being extended to include the town's public swimming pool. After a major redevelopment in 1997-99 the building now houses "Leamington Spa Art Gallery & Museum", a public library, a Tourist Information Centre, cafe and assembly rooms.

Title: Conservative Party (UK)

The Conservative Party, officially the Conservative and Unionist Party, is a centre-right political party in the United Kingdom. It is currently the governing party, having been so since the 2010 general election, where a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats was formed. In 2015, the Conservatives led by David Cameron won a surprise majority and formed the first Conservative majority government since 1992. However, the 2017 snap election on Thursday 8 June resulted in a hung parliament, and the Conservatives lost their parliamentary majority. They are reliant on the support of a Northern Irish political party, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), in order to command a majority in the House of Commons through a confidence-and-supply deal. The party leader, Theresa May, has served as both Leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister since 13 July 2016. It is the largest party in local government with 9,237 councillors. The Conservative Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United Kingdom, the other being its modern rival, the Labour Party. The Conservative Party's platform involves support for free market capitalism, free enterprise, fiscal conservatism, a strong national defence, deregulation, and restrictions on trade unions.

Title: Save Romania Union

The Save Romania Union (Romanian: "Uniunea Salvați România" , USR) is a political party in Romania. The party was founded following the success of the Save Bucharest Union (USB) party in the 2016 local elections. After being officially registered as a political party in 2016, it united with the USB and Union for Codlea parties, thus gaining most of its initial membership base from the two latter parties. It is currently the third largest political party in Romania after the 2016 legislative elections and the only outspoken pro-LGBT party in the country.

Title: Unity Party (South Ossetia)

The Unity Party (Ossetian: Иудзинад , Georgian: ერთიანობის , Russian: Единство ; officially, the South Ossetian Republican Political Party "Unity") is a major political party with a socially conservative ideology in South Ossetia, a partially recognized Caucasian republic, considered by most countries to be a part of Georgia. The Unity Party, founded in 2003, supported former President Eduard Kokoity, and was for a decade the largest political party in South Ossetia. After the 2009 elections, the party held 17 out of 34 seats in South Ossetia's parliament. It is modeled after and is closely linked to the United Russia party, with which it has signed an inter-party cooperation agreement. The party is a winner of the 2004 and 2009 parliamentary elections.

Title: Mississippi Masala

Mississippi Masala is a 1991 romantic drama film directed by Mira Nair, based upon a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala, starring Denzel Washington, Sarita Choudhury, and Roshan Seth. Set primarily in rural Mississippi, the film explores interracial romance between African Americans and Indian Americans in the United States.

Title: Part 2, Sounder

Part 2, Sounder is a 1976 American drama film directed by William A. Graham. It is the sequel to the 1972 Oscar-nominated film "Sounder", which in turn is based on William H. Armstrong's Newbery Award-winning novel of the same name. Although Lonne Elder III and Robert B. Radnitz returned as screenwriter and producer respectively, neither Martin Ritt nor any of the cast members from the first film participated in the sequel, with the exception of Taj Mahal, who reprised his role as Ike and returned as composer. According to Bob McCann, the film was "barely released."

Title: Sooni Taraporevala

Sooni Taraporevala (born 1957) is an Indian screenwriter, photographer and filmmaker who is best known as the screenwriter of "Mississippi Masala", "The Namesake" and Oscar-nominated "Salaam Bombay" (1988), all directed by Mira Nair.

Title: Howards End (film)

Howards End is a 1992 British romantic drama film based upon the novel of the same name by E. M. Forster (published in 1910), a story of class relations in turn-of-the-20th-century England. The film—produced by Merchant Ivory Productions as their third adaptation of a Forster novel (following "A Room with a View" in 1985 and "Maurice" in 1987)—was the first film to be released by Sony Pictures Classics. The screenplay was written by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala, directed by James Ivory and produced by Ismail Merchant.

Title: Little Zizou

Little Zizou is an 2008 Indian film in Hindi, Gujarati, and English, written and directed by Sooni Taraporevala. "Little Zizou" is a fast-paced, exuberant, yet poignant comedy about how two battling Mumbai families finally come to terms.

Title: Duel of Hearts

Duel of Hearts is a 1991 romantic television film directed by John Hough. Terence Feely penned the screenplay, based on the Barbara Cartland novel, "A Duel of Hearts". The film stars Alison Doody, Michael York, Geraldine Chaplin and Benedict Taylor.

Title: The Namesake (film)

The Namesake is a 2006 Indian-American drama film which was released in the United States on 9 March 2007, following screenings at film festivals in Toronto and New York City. It was directed by Mira Nair and is based upon the novel of the same name by Jhumpa Lahiri, who appeared in the movie. Sooni Taraporevala wrote the screenplay. The film received positive reviews from American critics. The film stars Tabu, Irrfan Khan, Kal Penn and Sahira Nair.

Title: Lone Scherfig

Lone Scherfig (born 2 May 1959) is a Danish film director and screenwriter who has been involved with the Dogme 95 film movement and who has been widely critically acclaimed for several of her movies, including the Oscar-nominated film "An Education" (2009). Scherfig's movies are generally romantic comedies, including her film "One Day" (2011), based on the David Nicholls novel. Through both experimenting with creative constraints and her astute attention to detail, she has come to be recognized as a blossoming talent in the film industry.

Title: Parineeta (2005 film)

Parineeta ("The Married Woman") is a 2005 Indian musical romantic drama film adaptation of the 1914 Bengali novella, "Parineeta" by Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay. Directed by debutant Pradeep Sarkar, it was based upon a screenplay by the film's producer, Vidhu Vinod Chopra. The film featured Vidya Balan (In her Bollywood Debut), Saif Ali Khan and Sanjay Dutt in the lead roles. Raima Sen plays the supporting role of Lalita's chirpy cousin. Sabyasachi Chakrabarty plays the pivotal role of Shekhar's father. Diya Mirza, with a cameo appearance as Shekhar's fiancé and Rekha, with a cameo performance of a night club (Moulin Rouge) singer, are other notable performances.

Title: Such a Long Journey (film)

Such a Long Journey is a 1998 Indo-Canadian english language film based on the novel of the same name written by Rohinton Mistry. The film is directed by Sturla Gunnarsson with a screenplay by Sooni Taraporevala. The film received twelve Genie Awards nominations including the Best Picture, Best Director, and Best Actor. The film was screened at the Toronto International Film Festival.

Title: Give It All

"Give It All" is a song by American rock band Rise Against. It was originally recorded for the 2004 compilation album "Rock Against Bush, Vol. 1", while a slightly altered version appeared on the band's third studio album "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" later that year. It is a hardcore punk song, with lyrics that are about "being a punk rocker in today's world," according to lead vocalist Tim McIlrath. It was released as "Siren Song of the Counter Culture"'s first single in October 2004.

Title: Tim McIlrath

Timothy James "Tim" McIlrath (born November 3, 1978) is an American punk rock musician. He is the lead singer, rhythm guitarist, songwriter and co-founder of the American punk rock band Rise Against. McIlrath is known to support animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band. He is also straight edge.

Title: The Dwarves Must Die

The Dwarves Must Die is the 2004 release by the American punk band Dwarves. It is the band's first release on the "Sympathy for the Record Industry" label. There are several cameos, including Dexter Holland from The Offspring, Nash Kato from Urge Overkill, desert rock icon Nick Oliveri, Josh Freese from The Vandals, Spike Slawson from Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, gangster rapper San Quinn, DJ Marz, and even the original Space Ghost himself, Gary Owens. The rather freeform departure from the standard thrash/punk/noise sound is obvious in this release, slightly more so than in previous Dwarves productions, perhaps because they have been producing music for almost 20 years; however the original sound of the Dwarves shows clearly in several tracks.

Title: Tragedy + Time

"Tragedy + Time" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against. The song was released as the second single from their seventh album, titled "The Black Market". The song impacted radio on October 21, 2014. According to lead singer Tim McIlrath, the title of the song comes from the phrase "tragedy plus time equals comedy". The song is a playable track in Guitar Hero Live.

Title: Spike Slawson

Spike Slawson is an American punk rock musician, a member of Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, Swingin' Utters, Filthy Thievin' Bastards, Re-Volts, and Uke-Hunt.

Title: The Violence

"The Violence" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against. The song was released on April 20, 2017 as the lead single from their eighth studio album, "Wolves". Inspired by the 2016 United States presidential election cycle, "The Violence" contains lyrics described by vocalist Tim McIlrath as being about "whether violence is an inevitability of the human condition, or whether it's a choice we make, and therefore, can reject." The song has charted on both Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and Mainstream Rock Songs chart.

Title: Audience of One (song)

"Audience of One" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against, written by the band's frontman Tim McIlrath. It is the second single from their 2008 album "Appeal to Reason". Hitting number four on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart, "Audience of One" is Rise Against's third-highest charting single, behind the previous single from "Appeal to Reason", "Re-Education (Through Labor)", which peaked at number three and the third single "Savior".

Title: The Honor System (band)

The Honor System was an American punk rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1999 by Dan Hanaway and Rob DePaola, after the breakup of their previous band The Broadways. The band briefly featured future Rise Against frontman Tim McIlrath as a bassist. They broke up in 2004, leaving behind two studio albums and three EPs.

Title: Help Is on the Way

"Help Is on the Way" is a song by American rock band Rise Against, featured on their sixth studio album "Endgame" (2011). Inspired by lead vocalist Tim McIlrath's visit to New Orleans, the song is about the slow response time for aid to disaster stricken areas. It incorporates elements of punk rock and melodic hardcore, with lyrics that allude to Hurricane Katrina and the "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill. "Help Is on the Way" premiered on KROQ-FM on January 17, 2011, and was later released as "Endgame"' s lead single on January 25.

Title: Filthy Thieving Bastards

The Filthy Thieving Bastards is an American folk/punk rock group formed in 2000 in San Francisco, California. The band was originally a side project put together by Johnny Bonnel and Darius Koski of the Swingin' Utters. Spike Slawson (also from Swingin' Utters) later joined the band, along with recording engineer Randy Burk. Greg Lisher from Camper Van Beethoven guested on guitar for several songs on their second release. Their music is influenced by folk rock, Celtic rock, country music, 60's pop, and punk rock, with an acknowledged and oft-noted debt to the music of The Pogues.

Title: Gigantic (2008 film)

Gigantic is a 2008 independent comedy film directed by Matt Aselton and starring Paul Dano, Zooey Deschanel, John Goodman, Edward Asner and Jane Alexander. The script, written by Aselton and his college friend Adam Nagata, tells of Brian (Dano), a mattress salesman who wishes to adopt a baby from China, but finds himself sharing his passion, with the quirky, wealthy Harriet (Deschanel) when they meet in his store. The story was based on Aselton's childhood wish for his parents to adopt a Chinese baby. The film was shot in New York and Connecticut. It had its world premiere at 2008's Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 3, 2009.

Title: First Monday in October (film)

First Monday in October is a 1981 American comedy-drama film from Paramount Pictures, produced by Paul M. Heller and Martha Scott, directed by Ronald Neame, that is based on the play of the same name by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee. The film stars Walter Matthau (for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy) and Jill Clayburgh (for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy). The cast also co-stars Jan Sterling in her final feature film role.

Title: Cate Blanchett

Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director. She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination. Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor. In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.

Title: Russell Crowe filmography

This is the complete filmography of Russell Crowe throughout his entire career. Crowe has acted in blockbuster films such as "Gladiator" (2000), a historical epic for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor. He is also a winner of the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for his portrayal of John Forbes Nash Jr. in the biographical drama "A Beautiful Mind" (2001).

Title: Revolutionary Road (film)

Revolutionary Road is a 2008 British-American romantic drama film directed by Sam Mendes. It was written by Justin Haythe and based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Richard Yates. This is the second on-screen collaboration among Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet and Kathy Bates, who previously co-starred in "Titanic". The performances of DiCaprio and Winslet earned them a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama nomination and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress respectively, and the film was nominated for a further three Golden Globes, four BAFTAs and three Oscars.

Title: John Goodman

John Stephen Goodman (born June 20, 1952) is an American actor. Early in his career, he was best known for playing Dan Conner on the ABC TV series "Roseanne" (1988–1997), for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993. He is also a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as "Raising Arizona" (1987), "Barton Fink" (1991), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou? " (2000), and "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013). Goodman's voice roles in animated films include Pacha in Disney's "The Emperor's New Groove" (2000), and Sulley in Pixar's "Monsters, Inc." (2001), and "Monsters University" (2013).

Title: Stathis Giallelis

Stathis Giallelis (Greek: Στάθης Γιαλελής ; born January 21, 1941) is a Greek actor. He won brief international renown in the early 1960s as the star of Elia Kazan's Academy Award-nominated epic "America, America", a role which brought him the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor, as well as a nomination for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama.

Title: Nick Nolte

Nicholas King Nolte (born February 8, 1941) is an American actor and former model. He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film "The Prince of Tides". He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for "Affliction" (1998) and "Warrior" (2011). His other film appearances include "The Deep" (1977), "48 Hrs. " (1982), "Down and Out in Beverly Hills" (1986), "Another 48 Hrs. " (1990), "Everybody Wins" (1990), "Cape Fear" (1991), "Lorenzo's Oil" (1992), "The Thin Red Line" (1998), "The Good Thief" (2002), "Hulk" (2003), "Hotel Rwanda" (2004), "Tropic Thunder" (2008), "A Walk in the Woods" (2015) and "The Ridiculous 6" (2015). He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series "Graves" (2016–present).

Title: Cantinflas

Mario Fortino Alfonso Moreno Reyes, known casually as Mario Moreno, and known professionally as Cantinflas (August 12, 1911 – April 20, 1993), was a Mexican comic film actor, producer, and screenwriter and an iconic figure in Mexico and Latin America. He often portrayed impoverished "campesinos" or a peasant of "pelado" origin. The character came to be associated with the national identity of Mexico, and allowed Cantinflas to establish a long, successful film career that included a foray into Hollywood. Charlie Chaplin once commented that he was the best comedian alive, and Moreno has been referred to as the "Charlie Chaplin of Mexico". To audiences in the United States, he is best remembered as co-starring with David Niven in the Academy Award winner for Best Picture film "Around the World in 80 Days", for which Moreno won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.

Title: Tom Cruise filmography

Tom Cruise is an American actor and producer who made his film debut with a minor role in the 1981 romantic drama "Endless Love". Two years later he made his breakthrough by starring in the romantic comedy "Risky Business" (1983), which garnered Cruise his first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy. In 1986, Cruise played a fighter pilot in the Tony Scott-directed action drama "Top Gun" (the highest-grossing film that year), and also starred opposite Paul Newman in the Martin Scorsese-directed drama "The Color of Money". Two years later he played opposite Dustin Hoffman in the Academy Award for Best Picture-winning drama "Rain Man" (1988), and also appeared in the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture-winning romantic drama "Cocktail" (1988). In doing so Cruise became the first and only person as of 2014 to star in a Best Picture Oscar winner and a Worst Picture Razzie winner in the same year. His next role was as anti-war activist Ron Kovic in the drama adaptation of Kovic's memoir of the same name, "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989). For his performance Cruise received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.

Title: Tom Daley

Thomas Robert Daley (born 21 May 1994) is a British diver. Tom Daley specialises in the 10-metre platform event and is a double World champion in the event; he won the 2009 FINA World Championionship in the individual event at the age of 15, before regaining it in 2017. He was the 2012 Olympic bronze medalist in the event.

Title: Splash! (UK TV series)

Splash! is a British television series that follows celebrities as they try to master the art of diving. The celebrities perform each week in front of a panel of judges and a live audience in an Olympic-size diving pool with the result each week partly determined by public vote. Gabby Logan and Vernon Kay present the show, whilst Team GB Olympic Bronze Medal winning diver Tom Daley is the expert mentor to the celebrities. It is filmed at the Inspire: Luton Sports Village, which is based in Stopsley, Luton. The show premiered on ITV on 5 January 2013 winning the ratings battle for its 7.15pm-8.15pm slot with an average audience of 5.6 million viewers, a network share of 23.6%, however, it was cancelled on 15 February 2014 after just two series.

Title: Zoe Arancini

Zoe Arancini (born 14 July 1991) is an Australian club water polo player who plays driver, counter-attacker, or outside shooter. Several of her family members have represented her country in water polo. She plays club water polo in the National Water Polo League for the Fremantle Marlins, where she has won the league championship in 2005, 2007 and 2008 and is coached by her mother. She has represented the country as a member of the Australia women's national water polo team on the junior and senior level, with over eighty appearances for national team between the two levels. She has earned a gold medal at the 2011 Canada Cup, silver medals at the 2010 FINA World League Super Finals and 2010 FINA World Cup, and bronze medals at the 2009 FINA World League Super Finals and 2011 FINA Junior World Championships. She has been included on the roster to represent the country at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Title: Nikitas Kocheilas

Nikitas Kocheilas (Greek: Νικήτας Κόχειλας ; born 1 March 1983) is a Greek water polo player. As a member of Greece men's national water polo team, he won the bronze medal at the 2006 FINA World League and competed at the 2006 European Championship, the 2006 FINA World Cup and the 2008 FINA World League. Kocheilas was also part of the Greek national team that was crowned World Champion at the 2001 Junior World Championship in Istanbul.

Title: Eszter Tomaskovics

Eszter Anita Tomaskovics (born 23 August 1987) is an Hungarian female water polo player. She was a member of the Hungary Women's National Team. She was a part of the Hungarian team that claimed the gold medal at the 2005 FINA World Championship in Montreal, Canada. She also competed in the 2007 and 2009 FINA World Championships. At club level, she has played most notably for Vasas, Honvéd (2005–2008) and Olympiacos (2008–2010), winning numerous titles.

Title: Alicia McCormack

Alicia McCormack (born 7 June 1983 in Helensburgh, New South Wales) is an Australian water polo goalkeeper. Her playing career started at the age of fourteen with the Kirrawee High School water polo team, and today she plays for the Cronulla Water Polo Club in the National Water Polo League and is a member of the Australia women's national water polo team. Although she did not play water polo in 2010 due to injury, McCormack has won gold medals at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and the 2006 FINA World Cup; a silver medal at the 2007 FINA World Championships; and bronze medals at the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics, 2005 FINA World League Super Finals, 2008 FINA World League Super Finals and 2009 FINA World League Super Finals. Currently working at the New South Wales Institute of Sport, McCormack is studying for a Bachelor of Primary Education.

Title: Major achievements in swimming by nation

This is a list of the best results achieved by athletes from different nations at four major competitions where swimming events are (or were) competed. Results are based on major competitions according to FINA's historical records: the swimming and open water swimming events at the Olympic Games, the swimming and open water swimming events at the FINA World Aquatics Championships, the FINA Short Course Swimming World Championships and the defunct FINA World Open Water Swimming Championships. The results listed here only refer to swimming and open water swimming events. Medals earned by athletes from defunct NOCs or historical teams have been merged with the results achieved by their immediate successor states, as follows: Russia inherits medals from the Soviet Union and the Unified Team; Serbia inherits medals from Yugoslavia; Australia inherits medals from Australasia; and Germany inherits medals from West Germany and East Germany. The table is pre-sorted by total number of gold medal results, silver medal results and bronze medal results, respectively. When equal ranks are given, countries are listed in alphabetical order.

Title: FINA World Masters Championships

The FINA World Masters Championships (or "Masters Worlds") is an international Aquatics championships for adults (per FINA rules, Masters are 25 years old and older). The championships is held biennially, with competition in all five of FINA's disciplines: Swimming, Diving, Water polo, Open water swimming, and Synchronized swimming. Starting in 2015, the competition will be held jointly with the FINA World Aquatics Championships.

Title: Glencora Ralph

Glencora Ralph (born 8 August 1988) is an Australian water polo centre back/driver. She attended the Curtin University of Technology and is a dental therapist. She competes for the Fremantle Marlins in the National Water Polo League, and was on sides that won the league championship in 2003, 2004, 2006 and 2007. She has been a member of the Australia women's national water polo team on the junior and senior level. She has won gold medals at the 2011 Canada Cup and at the 2007 FINA Junior World Championships. She won silver medals at the 2010 FINA World League Super Finals and at the 2010 FINA Women's Water Polo World Cup. She won a bronze medal at the 2009 FINA World League Super Finals. She was part of the Australian water polo team that won bronze at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Title: 2010 FINA Diving World Cup

The 2010 FINA Diving World Cup was held in Changzhou, Jiangsu, People's Republic of China from June 2 to June 6, 2010. It was the 17th FINA Diving World Cup competition. 146 divers from 33 countries and regions competed in this World Cup. The 2010 FINA Diving World Cup is held one year after the 2009 FINA Diving World Championships which was held in Rome.

Title: I Got a Thang for You

"I Got a Thang for You" is the second single from Miami-based rapper Trina's fourth album "Still da Baddest". The song features American R&B singer Keyshia Cole. It was chosen after much speculation and talk about the second single. The song was produced by Kane da Kameleon, while the chorus was written by Midus, both of Slick Salt Entertainment.

Title: Revolver (T-Pain album)

Revolver (stylized as rEVOLVEr), is the fourth studio album by American rapper T-Pain, released through Konvict Muzik, RCA Records and his own label Nappy Boy Entertainment on December 6, 2011. It is his first album released after the dissolution of his previous label, Jive Records. Recording sessions for the album have taken place from 2009 to 2011. T-Pain stated that the two R's in the word, "RevolveЯ" have been capitalized so that in the middle, it says "evolve", indicating that T-Pain has evolved as an artist, and as a person in the period from "Thr33 Ringz" up till "RevolveЯ". He later stated that the R's were put to show how people can be deceived, and precept incorrectly without looking at the inside of things, and he then said that this will be the scheme of the album. T-Pain announced that the album would be released on December 6 in the United States in an interview with Lady Jade on the F.A.M.E. tour bus, coincidentally this is the same release date of his first album, "Rappa Ternt Sanga" back in 2005. At the end of 2009, and throughout the early part of 2010, several singles were released from the album; however, the poor chart performance of these songs caused them to re-dubbed as promotional singles.

Title: Still da Baddest

Still Da Baddest is the fourth studio album by American rapper Trina. It was released on April 1, 2008, by Slip-n-Slide, EMI and DP Entertainment. The album was preceded by the lead single, "Single Again" on November 6, 2007. Following the poor chart performance, "I Got a Thang for You" featuring Keyshia Cole, was released as the album's second single. The album's third and final single "Look Back at Me" featuring Killer Mike, which it was produced by Hard Hat Productions, became a regional hit club record and accompanied by a music video.

Title: B R Right

"B R Right" is a song recorded by American rapper Trina for her second studio album, "Diamond Princess" (2002). It features American rapper Ludacris. The song was released as the third single from the album. the song peaked at a moderately successful peak position of number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. But on the U.S. Hot Rap Tracks was at Top 30 hit.

Title: Da Baddest Bitch

Da Baddest Bitch is the debut album by American rapper Trina. It was released on March 21, 2000 through the label Atlantic/Slip-N-Slide Records. The album debuted at number thirty-three on the US The Billboard 200 and number eleven on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, and entered the "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Catalog Albums" in 2002.

Title: Single Again

"Single Again" is the lead single from Miami rapper Trina's fourth album "Still da Baddest". Trina confirmed on Myspace, that it will be the first single from the album.

Title: You da Baddest

"You da Baddest" is a song by American rapper Future featuring Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on July 28, 2017 as the fourth single from Future's sixth studio album, "HNDRXX" (2017). The song was written by Future and Minaj along with producer Detail and Andre Price, and was produced by Detail and Go Grizzly.

Title: Life in a Tin Can

Life in a Tin Can is the Bee Gees' eleventh studio album (ninth worldwide), released in January 1973. The Bee Gees moved their base of operations from England to Los Angeles to record "Life in a Tin Can". However, it was unable to prevent a commercial decline with the album criticised for a lack of innovation. Despite its low sales and poor chart performance, "Life in a Tin Can" was awarded "Album of the Year" by "Record World" magazine. It was the first Bee Gees album to bear the RSO label in the US.

Title: Meech Wells

Meech Wells (born Cecil D. Womack, Jr.) is a music producer from the United States. He works primarily on hip hop music, and has produced or co-produced for artists Snoop Dogg and Shaquille O'Neal. Wells is also the son of Motown singer Mary Wells and musician/songwriter, Cecil Womack. Being the son of Motown legend Mary Wells may have helped jumpstart Meech Wells' career, but the West Coast rap producer quickly proved his talent and eventually aligned himself with Snoop Dogg, another relationship that definitely didn't hurt his career. Before being Snoop's producer of choice during the late 1990s and early 2000s, Wells began his career as part of a funk band called Trey Lewd that also featured Tracey Lewis, George Clinton's son; this provided him with the opportunity to work with Clinton himself. By 1993, Wells found himself working alongside producer/rapper Def Jef; the two's production on Shaquille O'Neil's "I Got Skillz" (a surprise hit single) won them instant credentials. Throughout the mid-'90s, he continued to hone his craft, working on a number of remix projects before eventually being introduced to Snoop through a friend. Before long, the two were working together as a potent duo, beginning with "Still a G Thang," one of the better songs on Snoop's Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told. Wells produced a few No Limit songs featuring Snoop—Tru's "It's a Beautiful Thang," Silkk the Shocker's "Get It Up"—before playing a major role in bringing a West Coast sound to Snoop's Top Dogg album in 1999: "In Love With a Thug," "Better Days," "Gangsta Ride," among others. In 2000 he reprised his role as one of Snoop's producers of choice, producing tracks for Tha Eastsidaz' self-titled debut and Doggy's Angels' Pleezbalevit, as well as Snoop's own Tha Last Meal ("Go Away," "Issues").

Title: Keyshia Cole

Keyshia Cole (born October 15, 1981) is an American singer/songwriter, record producer, business woman, and television personality. She was born in Oakland, California. Her career began when she met MC Hammer at the age of 12, and later met rapper Tupac Shakur. At the age of 18, she moved to Los Angeles and was later introduced to A&M Records. She released her debut album, "The Way It Is" (2005), which spawned five singles: "Never," "I Changed My Mind," "(I Just Want It) To Be Over," "I Should Have Cheated," and "Love." It was certified gold within 17 weeks, and then platinum just eight weeks later. The album stayed on the charts for over a year, selling over 1.6 million copies.

Title: Somebody to Love (film)

Somebody to Love is a 1994 American romantic-drama film directed by Alexandre Rockwell. It is inspired by Federico Fellini's "Nights of Cabiria". It entered the competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival.

Title: Four Rooms

Four Rooms is a 1995 American anthology comedy film co-written and co-directed by Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell, Robert Rodriguez, and Quentin Tarantino, each directing a segment of it that in its entirety is loosely based on the adult short fiction writings of Roald Dahl, especially "Man from the South" which is the basis for the last one, "Penthouse - "The Man from Hollywood"" directed by Tarantino. The story is set in the fictional Hotel Mon Signor in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve. Tim Roth plays Ted, the bellhop and main character in the frame story, whose first night on the job consists of four very different encounters with various hotel guests.

Title: In the Soup

In the Soup is a 1992 independent comedy directed by Alexandre Rockwell. It stars Steve Buscemi as Aldolpho Rollo, a self-conscious screenwriter who has written an unfilmable 500-page screenplay and is looking for a producer.

Title: Koh Rong Sanloem

Koh Rong Sanloem (Khmer: កោះរុងសន្លឹម, also "Kaoh Rong Sanloem") is an island off the coast of Sihanoukville, Cambodia, 4 km south of Koh Rong island. It is around 9 km long (north to south), 4 km wide (east to west) and 1 km wide at its narrowest point. Its distance from the local port of Sihanoukville is 25 km (beeline) and 23 km (beeline) from the Serendipity/Ochheuteal beach pier. The word "Sanloem" translates to: 1. drowsiness and to: 2. far out and hard to discern, in a wider sense. Inconsistencies on how to spell the island's name in its Latinized version date back to the 19th century. The first controversial spelling variants were issued by map makers during French rule. Alternatives have since become widespread and are in common usage. Often confusion ensues as Google Maps offers the phonetically most consistent variant, whereas Google Search redirects to an alternative.

Title: Am Rong

Am Rong (1929 – May 1975) was a Cambodian soldier and filmmaker, who acted as a spokesman on military matters for the Khmer Republic during the Cambodian Civil War. Western journalists commented on the irony of his name as he gave briefings which "painted a rosy picture of the increasingly desperate situation on the ground" during the war.

Title: 13 Moons

13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film by Alexandre Rockwell. The title is a reference to the saying of a minor character's mother, who suggested that if nights of the full moon are strange, then "this must be the night of thirteen moons."

Title: Pete Smalls Is Dead

Pete Smalls Is Dead is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Alexandre Rockwell and written by Brandon Cole and Alexandre Rockwell. The film stars Mark Boone Junior, Peter Dinklage, Seymour Cassel, Todd Barry, Steve Buscemi, Rosie Perez and Tim Roth. The film was released on April 14, 2011.

Title: Little Feet (film)

Little Feet is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Alexandre Rockwell. It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.

Title: Alexandre Rockwell

Rockwell is the grandson of the Russian animator Alexandre Alexeieff, who invented the pinscreen, and of Alexandra Grinevsky, Countess de Lowendhal. His grandmother was a stage actress in Paris, as well as an artist. His father was also an actor and filmmaker. His mother, Svetlana Rockwell, was born in Paris and emigrated to the US to marry Alex's father; she was a painter. Rockwell grew up in Cambridge, MA and moved to New York City in his early 20s.

Title: Rong (surname)

Rong is the pinyin romanization of several Chinese family names, which including 戎 Róng, 融 Róng, 荣 Róng, 容 Róng, etc. Among these names, 荣 Róng and 容 Róng are relatively common. during the early Zhou Dynasty, Rong (戎) people the "Rong You" (戎右) get surname Rong (戎).

Title: Australian Law Librarians' Association

The Australian Law Librarians' Association is the professional body for Law Library staff in Australia. Currently it has official state level bodies in NSW, Victoria, South Australia, Northern Territory and Western Australia and supports the industry through professional development, special interest publications, and events. Formally, it is an incorporated association.

Title: Historias de un arrabal parisino

Historias de un arrabal parisino ("Stories of a Parisian suburb") is the third novel by the Venezuelan Vicente Ulive-Schnell and was published by Ediciones Idea in Spain. The semi-biographical book is based on two articles that appeared in both the online and print editions of the New York newspaper "El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado" in 2004. The novel recounts the adventures of a young Venezuelan student in Paris, and his travels through the city's most distressed neighborhoods, Barbès and Château-Rouge.

Title: Golf Magazine

Golf Magazine is a monthly golf magazine owned by "Time Inc." It was started in April, 1959 by Universal Publishing and Distributing, who sold it to Times Mirror in 1972. Time Inc. acquired it in 2000. It was the world's most widely read golf publication from August 2006 to January 2007. The magazine is for golfers of all skill levels. Some features it includes are instruction from the top 100 teachers in America, interviews with famous golfers, tips on the best values for golf courses to go to on vacation, and an annual club test.

Title: El Nuevo Cojo

El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado is an American online Spanish language magazine published from Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 2003 as a free alternative webzine published monthly from Harlem, New York. Originally it was an arts and opinion magazine focused exclusively on Venezuelan culture for Venezuelans living in the United States. It also sought to be a window to the US press for Spanish-speaking immigrants by translating English articles from mainstream newspapers. The website slowly embraced a wider audience by covering general interest issues.

Title: El Nuevo Heraldo

El Nuevo Heraldo is a Spanish-language newspaper in Brownsville, Texas, United States. It is a sister newspaper to "The Brownsville Herald". In 2009 the 2009 Texas Associated Press Managing Editors' annual meeting awarded the "El Nuevo Heraldo" as the best Spanish-language newspaper in the state.

Title: El Nuevo Herald

El Nuevo Herald is a newspaper published daily in Spanish in Southeast Florida, in Florida, the United States. Its headquarters is in Doral. "El Nuevo Herald"'s sister paper is the "Miami Herald", also produced by the McClatchy Company.

Title: Alberto Ibargüen

Alberto Ibargüen (born February 29, 1944) is President and CEO of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in Miami, Florida. He is the former publisher of "The Miami Herald" and "El Nuevo Herald" in Miami, Florida. Under his leadership, "The Miami Herald" won three Pulitzer Prizes; "El Nuevo Herald" won Spain's Ortega y Gasset Prize for excellence in journalism.

Title: Golf Digest

Golf Digest is a monthly golf magazine published by Condé Nast Publications in the United States. It is a generalist golf publication covering recreational golf and men's and women's competitive golf. Condé Nast Publications also publishes the more specialized "Golf for Women", "Golf World" and "Golf World Business". The magazine started in 1950, and was sold to The New York Times Company in 1969. The Times company sold their magazine division to Condé Nast in 2001. The headquarters of "Golf Digest" is in Des Moines, Iowa.

Title: El Nuevo Diario

El Nuevo Diario is a Nicaraguan newspaper, with offices in the capital Managua. "El Nuevo Diario" was cofounded in 1980 by a breakaway group of employees of "La Prensa" sympathetic to the Sandinista cause, that included 80 percent of the staff including the editor, Xavier Chamorro Cardenal and Danilo Aguirre Solís who opposed the new line of the journal. As of 2006, "El Nuevo Diario" is one of the two major newspapers in Nicaragua, the other one is "La Prensa".

Title: Time Inc.

Time Inc. is a multinational mass media corporation founded on November 28, 1922 by Henry Luce and Briton Hadden and based in New York City. It owns and publishes over 100 magazine brands, most notably its flagship "Time". Other magazines include "Sports Illustrated", "Travel + Leisure", "Food & Wine", "Fortune", "People", "InStyle", "Life", "Golf Magazine", "Southern Living", "Essence", "Real Simple", and "Entertainment Weekly". It also has subsidiaries which it co-operates with the UK magazine house Time Inc. UK, whose major titles include "What's on TV", "NME", "Country Life", and "Wallpaper". Time Inc. also co-operates over 60 websites and digital-only titles including "MyRecipes", "TheSnug", HelloGiggles, and "MIMI".

Title: Team Homer

"Team Homer" is the twelfth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> seventh season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 7, 1996. In the episode, Homer starts a bowling team with Moe, Apu, and Otto. When Mr. Burns discovers the team was funded with his money, he insists on joining. Meanwhile, Bart's "Down with homework" T-shirt incites a student riot that leads to the implementation of a uniform dress code.

Title: North Boone Community Unit School District 200

North Boone Community Unit School District 200 is a unified school district based in the central region of the county of its namesake, Boone County; more specifically, in the village of Poplar Grove, Illinois. Five of the six schools in the district are located here, with the other being eastwards in the village of Capron. The community unit school district is composed of, as previously mentioned, six schools: there are three elementary schools, two middle schools, and one high school. Manchester Elementary School, which serves the grades K-4 alongside Poplar Grove Elementary School, is governed by Principal Kristi Crawford; the principal of Poplar Grove Elementary School is Sharon Olds. Capron Elementary School, the only school in the district located in a village other than Poplar Grove, serves not only the grades K-4, but also includes a prekindergarten program. The current principal is Matt Klett. All students who graduate from one of the district elementary schools will consolidate at the fifth grade in one school, called North Boone Upper Elementary School, whose principal is Mike Greenlee;all students move on to North Boone Middle School, headed by Jeremiah Auble, which educates those in grades seven and eight. The last leg of education this district can provide is to those from grade nine to grade twelve; the facility is called North Boone High School, whose principal is named Jacob Hubert. The current superintendent is Steven Baule. The mascot of the district high school is the Viking.

Title: Otto Mann

Otto Mann is a fictional character on the animated TV series "The Simpsons", voiced by Harry Shearer. He is the school bus driver for Springfield Elementary School.

Title: Jasper County Community Unit School District 1

Jasper County Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Jasper County's county seat of Newton, Illinois; it is the only school district in the county and is, consequently, the main educational body in all of Jasper County, although it serves portions of Effingham County and Cumberland County as well. This school district is composed of six schools in total; four elementary schools, one junior high school, and one high school. There is also a prekindergarten program run at the high school of the district should parents wish to enroll their children early. Willow Hill Elementary School, which is located in the village of its namesake, serves only kindergarteners; its proximity to the county seat and central position in the county allows its students to dawn from all parts of the county and still have easy access to the elementary school they will attend. The principal of Willow Hill is Dave Parker. Grove Elementary School is located in Island Grove, Illinois, the highest point of elevation in the county. Grove Elementary School educates students from kindergarten to grade six, and it runs a prekindergarten program as well. Craig Carr is the principal of this school. Ste. Marie Elementary School is located in the southern Jasper County village of Ste. Marie, and serves students in grades one through six. The principal of Ste. Marie is David Parker, the principal of Willow Hill Elementary School. Newton Elementary School is located in the county seat of Newton, and serves most of west Jasper County's first through sixth graders under principal Travis Wyatt. The latter three elementary schools feed into Jasper County Junior High School and are taught in the facility during seventh and eighth grade while being supervised by Newton Elementary School principal Travis Wyatt before graduating into Newton Community High School. Students in grades nine through twelve spend their last leg of precollegiate education at this school; their principal is Ruth Kerner. The district superintendent is Ron Alburtus, and the district's mascot is the eagle.

Title: 2006 Huntsville bus crash

The Huntsville bus crash involved a school bus carrying 40 students from Lee High School to the Huntsville Center for Technology center and occurred on November 20, 2006 on an elevated portion of Interstate 565 in Huntsville, Alabama. Police stated that the bus went over the side of the road after a car driven by another Lee High student tried to swerve around the bus, causing the bus driver to swerve going over the cliff. Four students were killed and 23 were injured after the bus plunged almost 40 feet. The driver was ejected from the bus before it went over the side of the bridge. The crash was extensively covered by CNN and "USA Today".

Title: Charleston Community Unit School District 1

Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a unified school district based in Charleston, the county seat of Coles County, Illinois; it was created through the consolidation of the charter school district it was formed from and over sixty-seven other school districts in the area. Charleston Community Unit School District 1 is a conglomerate of six schools, with all but one located in Charleston itself: four elementary schools, one middle school, and one high school form the makeup of the district. Education begins at a prekindergarten level, and those living in the Charleston area attend Mark Twain Elementary School, which prepares early youth for schooling by taking them through prekindergarten and kindergarten under the supervision of principal Terry Diss. Students who live in the far east reaches of Coles County may attend Ashmore Elementary School, which is based in a northeasterly village by the same name; Ashmore's distance from the other schools permits it to educate a larger range of students for the sake of efficiency. The school educates students from kindergarten through grade four, and also runs a prekindergarten program. Ashmore is also governed by Terry Diss. Students who graduate from Mark Twain move onwards to Carl Sandburg Elementary School, which educates those in grades one, two, and three under principal Chad Burgett. At Jefferson Elementary School in Charleston, the student bodies from both Carl Sandburg Elementary School and Ashmore Elementary School are consolidated. Students from grades four through six are taught in the facility under the supervision of principal Deborah Poffinbarger. District students graduating from Jefferson are moved to Charleston Middle School, where they are taught as seventh and eighth graders; the school principal here is Sandy Wilson. The last branch of education that Charleston's school district can provide is the education of adolescents in the grades nine through twelve at Charleston High School, which is run by principal Trevor Doughty. The superintendent of the schools in the district as of the 2007-08 school year was Dr. William Hill, although is considered as an interim;lastly, the mascots of the district and its middle and high schools are the Trojans, while the mascot of Jefferson Elementary School is the bulldog.

Title: Burbank School District 111

Burbank School District 111 is an elementary school district located in Burbank, a Chicago suburb just south of Chicago Midway International Airport in Cook County, Illinois. There are seven elementary schools in District 111. They are all kindergarten through sixth grade and located within the city of Burbank. The elementary schools are: Luther Burbank Elementary School under direction of principal Robert Mocek, principal Marian Stockhausen's Richard Byrd Elementary School, Jacqueline Kennedy Elementary School under direction of principal Charles Roza, principal Mark Antkiewicz's Rosa Maddock Elementary School, principal Patricia Donaghue's Frances McCord Elementary School, principal Mary Anne Sheehan's Edward J. Tobin Elementary School, which was reopened in 2007 after being rebuilt, and principal Mary Rein's Harry Fry Elementary School, which closed after the 2003-2004 school year and reopened during the 2009-2010 school year. Graduates from all these elementary schools move on to Liberty Junior High School, which is under direction of principal Jim Martin. The district superintendent is Carol Kunst.

Title: Braintree Public Schools

The Braintree Public School District, located in Braintree, Massachusetts, includes Hollis Elementary School, Donald Ross Elementary School, Archie T. Morrison Elementary School, Liberty Elementary School, Mary E. Flaherty Elementary School (formerly Lakeside Elementary School), Highlands Elementary School, East Middle School, South Middle School, and Braintree High School. Monatiquot Elementary School is now the Monatiquot School Kindergarten Center for full-day kindergarten students in Braintree.

Title: The Otto Show

"The Otto Show" is the twenty-second episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> third season. It first aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 23, 1992. In the episode, Bart decides that he wants to become a rock star after attending a Spinal Tap concert, so Homer and Marge buy him a guitar. He shows the guitar to Otto the bus driver, who plays it and consequently makes the children late for school. Racing to Springfield Elementary, Otto crashes the school bus and is suspended until he can get his license back. Bart, who respects Otto, invites him to move in with the Simpson family.

Title: Zion Elementary School District 6

Zion Elementary School District 6 is an Illinois school district serving Zion, Lake County. The school district governs seven schools. Lakeview School is responsible for prekindergarten children, housing also the district's administrative offices. Beulah Park Elementary School, East Elementary School, Elmwood Elementary School, Shiloh Park Elementary School and West Elementary School serve students between kindergarten and sixth grade. Zion Elementary School District 6's sole middle school, Zion Central Middle School, serves the seventh and eighth grades.

Title: Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust

Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust (also known as Southend University Hospital and commonly referred to as Southend Hospital) is an NHS hospital located in Westcliff-on-Sea, Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England. Southend University Hospital has 157 consultants providing various services, and serves a catchment area with a population of about 350,000. It has officially been designated cancer centre status, and has also gained NHS Foundation Trust status under the name Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. More importantly Southend University Hospital is home to Funky Towers, broadcasting across Southend and surrounding areas, 103.7 on your dial, keep it real, keep it funky.

Title: Square 54 Redevelopment

Square 54 Redevelopment is a complex of high-rise buildings located on the main campus of The George Washington University (GW) in Washington, D.C., United States. The new GW complex is mixed-use, with residential and office buildings and ground-level retail space along Eye Street to serve the campus and neighborhood. The complex will be completed with three buildings, "Square 54 Residential I", "Square 54 Residential II", and "Square 54 Office". Square 54 Residential I is expected to rise 48 m , featuring 14 floors. Square 54 Residential II is expected to rise 44 m , featuring 12 floors. Finally, "Square 54 Office", is expected to rise 45 m , featuring 11 floors. Construction of every building will be completed in 2011. Each building will be designed by the architect, Pelli Clarke Pelli Architects and Hickok Cole Architects. The complex will replace the former George Washington University Hospital building, which was razed to make way for the construction of the Square 54 Complex.

Title: MedStar Georgetown University Hospital

MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals. It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C. MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine. Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area. MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery. Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.

Title: Brad Wenstrup

Brad Robert Wenstrup (born June 17, 1958) is an American politician, Army Reserve officer, and Doctor of Podiatric Medicine, who has been the U.S. Representative for Ohio 's 2 congressional district since 2013. A Republican, he defeated U.S. Representative Jean Schmidt in the 2012 Republican primary election and Democrat William R. Smith in the 2012 general election. Wenstrup is a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve and an Iraq War veteran. After the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise on the morning of June 14, 2017, Wenstrup attended to the wounded congressman until he was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.

Title: Children's National Medical Center

Children’s National Medical Center (formerly DC Children’s Hospital) is ranked among the top 10 children’s hospitals in the country by "U.S. News & World Report." Located just north of the McMillan Reservoir and Howard University, it shares grounds with Washington Hospital Center, National Rehabilitation Hospital, and the DC Veterans Affairs Medical Center. Kurt Newman, M.D., has served as the president and chief executive officer of Children’s National since 2011. Children's National is a not-for-profit institution that performs more than 450,000 visits each year. Featuring 303 beds and a Level IV NICU, Children's National is the regional referral center for pediatric emergency, trauma, cancer, cardiac and critical care as well as neonatology, orthopaedic surgery, neurology and neurosurgery.

Title: Medical Faculty Associates

The George Washington University Medical Faculty Associates is a non-profit 501(c)3 physician group practice affiliated with the George Washington University. The MFA group practice is made up of academic clinical faculty of the GW Medical School. As of 2015, the group had more than 750 physicians providing medical services to the Washington DC, Northern Virginia, and Maryland areas. The GW Medical Faculty Associates offers over 51 specialty areas of care. The organization is a partner with the George Washington University Hospital and the School of Medicine and Health Sciences.

Title: George Washington University Hospital

The George Washington University Hospital is located in Washington, D.C. in the United States. It is affiliated with the George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences. The current facility opened on August 23, 2002, with 371 beds in a 400,000 sq. ft. building, housing more than $45 million of medical equipment and costing over $96 million to construct. The hospital is licensed by the District of Columbia Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and accredited by the U.S. Joint Commission.

Title: Georgetown University School of Medicine

Georgetown University School of Medicine, a medical school opened in 1851, is one of Georgetown University's five graduate schools. It is located on Reservoir Road in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, DC, adjacent to the University's main campus. The School of Medicine works in association with the 609-bed Georgetown University Hospital, Washington Hospital Center, and nine other affiliated federal and community hospitals in the Washington metropolitan area. Georgetown is the oldest Catholic medical school in the United States.

Title: MedStar Washington Hospital Center

MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds. Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients. It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine.

Title: West End, Washington, D.C.

The West End is a neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., bounded by K Street to the south, Rock Creek Park to the west and north, and New Hampshire Avenue and 21st Street to the east. The West End is so named because it was the westernmost part of the original L'Enfant Plan for the city of Washington, before the annexation of Georgetown. It is home to the embassies of Qatar and Spain as well as the Delegation of the European Union to the United States. The George Washington University and George Washington University Hospital are on the edge of the West End, at Washington Circle.

Title: Peter O'Meara (rugby union)

Peter O'Meara was the inaugural CEO of the Western Force rugby union team. He was appointed in March 2005 following the successful bid by RugbyWA for the right to host the fourth Australian franchise. O'Meara had previously been on the boards of the NSWRU and QRU and had moved to Western Australia in his capacity as an executive with the Commonwealth Bank.

Title: Time Slave

Time Slave is a 1975 hybrid of historical fiction and science fiction by John Norman. In this book, Norman presents his personal theories of human evolution, exemplified by the case of a modern woman sent back in time twenty thousand years or more; he mourns the loss of human evolutionary fitness and distortion of "natural" social relations which in his view occurred when farming spread, and farmers squeezed hunter/gatherers to the ecological margins. "Time Slave" features Norman's social philosophy of male-dominance (as also in his "Gor" series), and expresses an unexplained connection between female sexual subordination and the speeding up of the development of space travel.

Title: Gold (1974 film)

Gold is a 1974 thriller film starring Roger Moore and Susannah York and directed by Peter R. Hunt. It was based on the 1970 novel "Gold Mine" by Wilbur Smith. Moore plays Rodney "Rod" Slater, General Manager of a South African gold mine, who is instructed by his boss Steyner (Bradford Dillman) to break through an underground dike into what he is told is a rich seam of gold. Meanwhile, he falls in love with Steyner's wife Terry, played by York. In the United States, the film was only released as part of a double bill.

Title: Peter O'Meara

Peter O'Meara is an award-winning Irish actor. Lauded for his work on the London stage he came to the screen in the groundbreaking HBO series "Band of Brothers" playing 1st Lt Norman Dike. He garnered a popular following on USA TV series "Peacemakers" as Det Larimer Finch bringing the science of the future to the old west opposite Tom Berenger as Marshall Jared Stone. For this he received the Western Heritage Bronze Wrangler award.

Title: Norman Dike

Norman Staunton Dike, Jr. (19 May 191823 June 1989) was an officer of the United States Army who later served in the U.S. Army Reserve. During World War II he was a lieutenant and captain in the 101st Airborne Division, where one assignment was company commander of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment. After World War II, he became a lawyer and businessman and eventually became a permanent resident of Switzerland. Dike was portrayed in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" by Peter O'Meara.

Title: Middelharnis

Middelharnis has a shopping area called "D'n Diek". This shopping center settled itself on a dike which used to be the last barrier for the town from the Haringvliet. The town hosts two public and one Christian high schools. Middelharnis has an inland harbor with connection to the Haringvliet. There is also a small beach which can get very crowded in the summertime. In Middelharnis the old main street has the old municipality building.

Title: Ernest Norman

Ernest Leland Norman (November 11, 1904 – December 6, 1971) was an American electrical engineer, clairvoyant, and spiritual leader. A polymath, Norman dabbled in philosophy, poetry, scientific research and paranormal investigation. Ernest Norman also co-founded of the Unarius Science of Life and the Unarius Educational Foundation, which later became known as Unarius Academy of Science. Before starting the grassroots work for Unarius, Ernest Norman also worked for the Borderlands Sciences Research Association as a contributing editor for the Round Robin journal, and also worked as a minister for a Spiritualist church for 15 years. Ernest Norman wrote twenty books in his lifetime that covered theoretical physics, spirituality, philosophy, theology, extraterrestrial life, sociology, and poetry. Norman also authored articles further emphasizing the interdimensional hypothesis he was trying to teach, and answered letters from his students that have been archived at the Unarius Academy of Science. The first book he wrote, "The Truth About Mars", gives an account where he met the Martian ambassador, a being named Nur El, and traveled to the underground cities of Mars in his astral body. Unariuns believe he was other major figures in Earth's history, and that he was overshadowed by an Archangel named Raphiel who resides on a celestial super planet with other Archangels. He is referred to as the Moderator, or as "Dr." Norman by his students out of respect. A genius child prodigy, Ernest Norman never sought a doctorate through academia as he was self-taught and did not have formal schooling for many of the subjects he seemingly mastered, as he claimed his knowledge was due to his clairvoyant connection to the Masters and Higher Minds of the White Brotherhood;

Title: Norman Staunton Dike

Norman Staunton Dike (October 22, 1862 – April 15, 1953) was a New York State Supreme Court judge from 1920-1932. He had previously worked as a lawyer, sheriff, and judge in Brooklyn, New York. He was also a prominent member of the Brooklyn social scene.

Title: Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park

Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park (OSP) was founded in 1985 in Edmond, Oklahoma, USA by current Executive Director and Artistic Director Kathryn McGill (née Huey) and Jack J. O'Meara. With two different performing venues, the organization is dedicated to excellence in producing an eclectic range of classic plays to the entire Oklahoma City metro area and beyond. Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park is a non-profit organization overseen by a Board of Directors. Jason Foreman serves as Board President. Jon Haque serves as Managing Director, Michelle Swink as PR/Marketing Associate, and Norman H. Hammon serves as Development Director. In 2007, it relocated to downtown Oklahoma City.

Title: 1985 Dunhill Cup

The 1985 Dunhill Cup was the first Dunhill Cup. It was a team tournament featuring 16 countries, each represented by three players. The Cup was played 17–20 October at the Old Course at St Andrews in Scotland. The sponsor was the Alfred Dunhill company. The Australian team of David Graham, Graham Marsh, and Greg Norman beat the American team of Raymond Floyd, Mark O'Meara, and Curtis Strange in the final.

Title: Pedro Alcántara Quijano Montero

Pedro Alcántara Quijano Montero (1878-1953) was a Colombian artist, engraver, author and set designer. Born in Bogota, he studied at Escuela de Bellas Artes under Recio among others. Later, he taught at his alma mater for more than 30 years. He was also a set designer for the Teatro Colón de Bogotá, and taught several generations of Colombian artists. He wrote several works: "Ricaurte en San Mateo", "Niño con Casco", "La misa de los conquistadores", "La Pola conducida al cadalso" and "Reyerta del 20 de julio", among others. He died in Bogota in 1953.

Title: Peter Gallo

Peter Gallo (born 1959 in Rutland, VT) is an artist and writer who lives and works in Hyde Park, VT. He received his Ph.D. and MA in Art History from Concordia University, Montreal, and has written about the intersection of biopolitics, medicalization, and artistic experience from the eighteenth to early twenty-first centuries. He has a BA from Middlebury College, Middlebury, VT. Additionally, the artist has been active in the Grass Roots Art and Community Efforts (GRACE) in Hardwick, VT. He has organized numerous exhibitions including "Insider Art," (GRACE traveling exhibition, 1990), and "Our Yard in the Future: The Art of Gayleen Aiken" (Horton Gallery, 2007). He has contributed criticism to "Art in America" and "Art New England", among others. The artist is represented by Horton Gallery in New York City and Anthony Reynolds Gallery in London, UK. Gallo's works have been featured in solo and group exhibitions in the United States and Europe, and are included in notable collections of contemporary art.

Title: Silas Bent

Silas Bent IV (born May 9, 1882 in Millersburg, Kentucky – d. July 30, 1945 in Greenwich, Connecticut), son of Silas Bent III and Ann Elizabeth (Tyler) Bent was an American was a journalist, author, and lecturer. He began newspaper work in 1900 in Louisville, Kentucky, on the "Louisville Herald". After three years he moved to St. Louis and joined the staff of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch as reporter and assistant editor. He was appointed assistant professor of theory and practice of journalism at the University of Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia, Missouri when the school was opened in 1908, but resigned that position in February 1909 to return to the Post-Dispatch. Later, he did publicity work in Chicago and then spent 13 years in New York City. As a freelance writer he contributed articles to "The New York Times", "Harper's Weekly" and "The Atlantic" among others.

Title: Philip Schultz

Philip Schultz (born 1945 in Rochester, New York) is an American poet, and the founder/director of The Writers Studio, a private school for fiction and poetry writing based in New York City. He is the author of several collections of poetry, including "The God of Loneliness, Selected and New Poems" (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2010); "Failure" (Harcourt, 2007), winner of the 2008 Pulitzer Prize in Poetry; "Living in the Past" (Harcourt, 2004); and "The Holy Worm of Praise" (Harcourt, 2002). He is also the author of "Deep Within the Ravine" Viking Penguin, 1984), which was the Lamont Poetry Selection of the Academy of American Poets; "Like Wings" (Viking Penguin, 1978, winner of an American Academy & Institute of Arts and Letters Award as well as a National Book Award nomination), and the poetry chapbook, "My Guardian Angel Stein" (1986). His work has been published in The New Yorker, The Paris Review, Slate, Poetry magazine, The Gettysburg Review, The Southern Review, and Five Points, among others, and he is the recipient of a Fulbright Fellowship in Poetry to Israel and a 2005 Guggenheim Fellowship in Poetry. He has also received, among others, a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry (1981), a New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry (1985), as well as the Levinson Prize from Poetry magazine. Schultz is also the author of a memoir, "My Dyslexia", published by W.W. Norton in 2011, and a new book of poetry, "The Wherewithal" (W. W. Norton), published in February 2014.

Title: Dysteleology

Dysteleology is the philosophical view that existence has no "telos" or final cause from purposeful design. The term "dysteleology" is a modern word invented and popularized by Ernst Haeckel. Dysteleology is an aggressive, yet optimistic, form of science-oriented atheism originally perhaps associated with Haeckel and his followers, but now perhaps more associated with the type of atheism of Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, or Christopher Hitchens. Transcending traditional philosophical and religious perspectives, such as German idealism (including the philosophies of Hegel and Schelling) and contemporary New Age thinking, modern philosophical naturalism sees existence as having no inherent goal.

Title: Na-Ga

Na-Ga is a male Japanese artist who is employed as a graphic designer and illustrator for the company Key known for such famous visual novels as "Kanon", "Air", and "Clannad" among others. Na-Ga has been working for Key since the production of "Air" as one of the computer graphic artists, but was able to majorly contribute to character design in Key's sixth visual novel "Little Busters! " with Itaru Hinoue, along with the later released "Little Busters! Ecstasy" and "Kud Wafter". For Key's ninth title "Rewrite", Na-Ga contributed to the game's computer graphics. Na-Ga worked in collaboration with Jun Maeda and ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki G's Magazine" to produce the mixed media projects "Angel Beats! " and "Charlotte" as the original character designer. Na-Ga once worked for the company Pearlsoft R between 1997 and 1999 where he contributed to two visual novels, "Hakanai Omoi: Anemone", and "Sweet Days", as the main artist before coming to Key. He also participates in a dōjinshi circle named "from-D".

Title: Skylite

Skylite is a Memphis based gospel music label started by The Statesmen Quartet and The Blackwood Brothers in 1959. Along with The Blackwood Brothers and The Statesmen Quartet, Skylite signed, among others, The Speer Family, and the Oak Ridge Quartet (later renamed The Oak Ridge Boys). In 1966, the Statesmen-Blackwood team sold the record company to a group of investors led by Joel Gentry, with main offices on Music Row in Nashville, Tenn.

Title: Christopher Hitchens

Christopher Eric Hitchens (13 April 1949 – 15 December 2011) was an Anglo-American author, columnist, essayist, orator, religious and literary critic, social critic, and journalist. Hitchens was the author, co-author, editor or co-editor of over 30 books, including five collections of essays, on politics, literature and religion. A staple of public discourse, his confrontational style of debate made him both a lauded intellectual and a controversial public figure. He contributed to "New Statesman", "The Nation", "The Weekly Standard", "The Atlantic", "London Review of Books", "The Times Literary Supplement", "Slate", "Free Inquiry" and "Vanity Fair".

Title: Emily Matchar

Emily Matchar (born 1982) is an American journalist and author. Originally from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, she graduated from Harvard University in 2004. Her work has appeared in "The Atlantic", "Salon", "The Washington Post", "Time", "The New Republic", "Gourmet", and "Outside", among others. Her non-fiction book, "Homeward Bound: Why Women Are Embracing the New Domesticity" was a critical exploration of the cultural phenomenon of "new domesticity," the re-embrace of old-fashioned domestic arts and practices from knitting to canning to backyard chicken-raising. It was published by Simon & Schuster in 2013 and received favorable reviews from "The New Yorker", "The New Republic", and "The Washington Post", among many others, and was given 3.5 out of 4 stars by "People Magazine". She has made numerous appearances on TV and radio, including The Colbert Report, Good Morning America, MSNBC's The Cycle, NPR, and the BBC.

Title: Menil Collection

The Menil Collection, located in Houston, Texas, USA, refers either to a museum that houses the private art collection of founders John de Menil and Dominique de Menil, or to the collection itself of approximately 17,000 paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings, photographs and rare books. While the bulk of the collection is made up of a once-private collection, Menil Foundation, Inc. is a tax-exempt, nonprofit, public charity corporation formed under Section 501(c)3 of the Internal Revenue Code. Additionally the Menil receives public funds granted by the City of Houston, the State of Texas, and the federal government through the National Endowment for the Arts. The museum's holdings are diverse, including early to mid-twentieth century works of Yves Tanguy, René Magritte, Max Ernst, Man Ray, Marcel Duchamp, Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso, among others. The museum also maintains an extensive collection of pop art and contemporary art from Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol, Mark Rothko, Robert Rauschenberg, Vija Celmins and Cy Twombly, Jr., among others. Also included in the museum's permanent collection are Antiquities and works of Byzantine, Medieval and Tribal art.

Title: Dwight D. Eisenhower

Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower ( ; October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was an American politician and Army general who served as the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. During World War II, he was a five-star general in the United States Army and served as Supreme Commander of the Allied Expeditionary Forces in Europe. He was responsible for planning and supervising the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the successful invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45 from the Western Front.

Title: 34th Battalion (Australia)

The 34th Battalion was an infantry unit of 1st Australian Imperial Force (AIF), which was established in World War I for overseas service. Formed in Australia in 1916, the battalion fought on the Western Front before being disbanded in 1919. It was later re-raised as a part-time infantry battalion in the Illawarra region of New South Wales during the inter-war years. During World War II, the 34th was amalgamated with the 20th Battalion and undertook defensive duties in Australia before being disbanded in 1944. Post war, the 34th was re-formed in the early 1950s before being subsumed into the Royal New South Wales Regiment in 1960.

Title: 2013 America's Cup

The 34th America's Cup was a series of boat races held on San Francisco Bay between the defender Oracle Team USA representing the Golden Gate Yacht Club, and the challenger Emirates Team New Zealand representing the Royal New Zealand Yacht Squadron. Oracle Team USA defended the America's Cup by a score of 9 to 8. Oracle had to win the last eight races to come from behind and once again win the oldest trophy in international sport. Team New Zealand won the right to challenge for the cup by winning the 2013 Louis Vuitton Cup. The 34th America's Cup was the longest ever cup by both number of days and races, and the first since the 25th America's Cup to feature a winner-take-all final race.

Title: 34th Armoured Brigade (United Kingdom)

The 34th Armoured Brigade was an armoured brigade of the British Army that saw active service in the Second World War. It was formed in 1941 as the 34th Army Tank Brigade and subsequently redesignated as the 34th Tank Brigade in February 1945 and became part of the 79th Armoured Division. It was equipped with Churchill tanks and provided close support for assaults by the infantry. During the fighting in North-west Europe from July 1944 to May 1945 the brigade served with both the First Canadian Army and the British Second Army. The brigade was disbanded in early 1946.

Title: Andrés Avelino Cáceres

Andrés Avelino Cáceres Dorregaray (November 10, 1836 – October 10, 1923) served as the President of Peru three times during the 19th century, from 1881 to 1882 as the 34th President of Peru, then from 1886 to 1890 as the 36th President of Peru, and again from 1894 to 1895 as the 38th President of Peru. In Peru, he is considered a national hero for leading the resistance to Chilean occupation during the War of the Pacific (1879–1883), where he fought as a General in the Peruvian Army.

Title: R Adams Cowley

R Adams Cowley (July 25, 1917 – October 27, 1991), the "Father of Trauma Medicine," was an American surgeon considered a pioneer in emergency medicine and the treatment of shock trauma. He was the founder of the United States's first trauma center at the University of Maryland, in 1958, after the US Army awarded Dr. Cowley $100,000 to study shock in people—the first award of its kind in the United States. The trauma unit at first consisted of two beds, and was later expanded to four beds. Many people called the four-bed unit the "death lab." Cowley was the creator of the "Golden Hour" concept, the period of 60 minutes or less following injury when immediate definitive care is crucial to a trauma patient's survival. He was a leader in the use of helicopters for medical evacuations of civilians, beginning in 1969, and founded the Society of Thoracic Surgeons. He also founded the nation's first statewide EMS system, called MIEMSS by Executive Order of Maryland's Governor Mandel, 1972, as well as the National Study Center for Trauma and EMS, enacted by Congress in 1986 and signed into law by President Ronald Reagan. He is also known for being one of the first surgeons to perform open-heart surgery and invented both a surgical clamp that bears his name and a prototype pacemaker that was used by Dwight D. Eisenhower.

Title: David Eisenhower

Dwight David Eisenhower II (born March 31, 1948) is an American author, public policy fellow, professor at the University of Pennsylvania, and eponym of the U.S. Presidential retreat, Camp David. He is the only grandson of 34th President of the United States, Dwight D. Eisenhower, and the son-in-law of the 37th President of the United States Richard Nixon.

Title: Black Bat Squadron

Black Bats () 34th Squadron was the name of a corps of CIA reconnaissance plane pilots and crew based in Taiwan during the Cold War. Citizens of the Republic of China, they flew missions over mainland China controlled by the People's Republic of China (PRC), to drop agents and gathered military signal intelligences around military sites. The 34th Squadron was formed in 1953 and flew its last operational mission in 1967. The squadron's emblem was a bat and seven stars and its formal name was the 34th Squadron of the ROC Air Force. Unit's aircraft included the Boeing B-17G, Douglas A-26C/B-26C Invader, 7 Lockheed RB-69A, Douglas C-54, 11 Fairchild C-123B/K Provider, Lockheed C-130E Hercules, and 3 "black" Lockheed P-3A Orion (149669, 149673, 149678). The P-3As and RB-69As were armed with AIM-9 Sidewinder missiles for self-defense. 34th Squadron specialized in very low level air space penetration (100–200 meters altitude) to hug the ground in order to evade enemy radars and fighter interceptions. Later when operating P-3A, its main mission was flying in international water, 40 miles outside of Mainland China, to collect signal intelligences.

Title: 34th Street (IRT Second Avenue Line)

34th Street was a local station on the demolished IRT Second Avenue Line. It had two levels. The upper level had three tracks and two side platforms and was used for the Second Avenue line trains. The lower level had two tracks and one island platform and was used by 34th Street shuttle trains. The next stop to the north was 42nd Street. The next stop to the south was 23rd Street. The next eastbound stop on the shuttle was 34th Street Ferry. The next westbound stop on the shuttle was Third Avenue. The shuttle platform closed on July 14, 1930, and the main line station closed on June 13, 1942.

Title: East 34th – Campus (RTA Rapid Transit station)

East 34th–Campus Station is station on the RTA Rapid Transit system in Cleveland, Ohio, USA, serving the Red, Blue and Green Lines. It is located just east of East 34th Street near the intersection of East 34th and Broadway, on the north side of the CSX railway tracks, and below the bridge that carries East 34th Street over the railway tracks.

Title: Fortean Times

Fortean Times is a British monthly magazine devoted to the anomalous phenomena popularised by Charles Fort. Previously published by John Brown Publishing (from 1991 to 2001) and then I Feel Good Publishing (2001 to 2005), it is now published by Dennis Publishing Ltd.

Title: Charles Fort

Charles Hoy Fort (August 6, 1874 – May 3, 1932) was an American writer and researcher who specialized in anomalous phenomena. The terms "Fortean" and "Forteana" are sometimes used to characterize various such phenomena. Fort's books sold well and are still in print. His work continues to inspire admirers, who refer to themselves as "Forteans", and has influenced some aspects of science fiction.

Title: Bob Rickard

Robert "Bob" J M Rickard is the founder and editor of the UK magazine "Fortean Times: The Journal of Strange Phenomena", which debuted in 1973 under its original title "The News". The magazine's express purpose is to continue the documentary work of Charles Fort on the strange, anomalous and unexplained. In addition to his editorial role, Rickard has written several books and hundreds of articles on a wide range of Fortean topics. In 1981, he was a founding member of ASSAP and is also the founder of the Charles Fort Institute.

Title: Bizarre (magazine)

Bizarre was a British alternative magazine published from 1997 to 2015. It was published by Dennis Publishing, and was a sister publication to the "Fortean Times".

Title: Super-Sargasso Sea

The Super-Sargasso Sea is the dimension into which lost things go, whose existence was proposed by Charles Fort, writer and researcher into anomalous phenomena. It may be thought of as the spontaneous, anomalous teleportation of an object into another dimension. Fort did not actually believe that it existed but, in the vein of the ancient Greek skeptics, he wished only to present a theory that was just as plausible as those in the mainstream. The name alludes to the Sargasso Sea of the Atlantic Ocean, which lies next to the Bermuda Triangle.

Title: Fortean Society

The Fortean Society was started in the United States in 1931 during a meeting held in the New York flat of Charles Hoy Fort in order to promote the ideas of American writer Charles Fort. The Fortean Society was primarily based in New York City. Its first president was Theodore Dreiser, an old friend of Charles Fort, who had helped to get his work published. Founding members of The Fortean Society included Tiffany Thayer, Booth Tarkington, Ben Hecht, Alexander Woollcott (and many of NYC's literati such as Dorothy Parker), and Baltimore writer H. L. Mencken. Other members included Vincent Gaddis, Ivan T. Sanderson, A. Merritt, Frank Lloyd Wright and Buckminster Fuller. The first 6 issues of the Fortean Society's newsletter "Doubt" were each edited by a different member, starting with Theodore Dreiser. Tiffany Thayer thereafter took over editorship of subsequent issues. Thayer began to assert extreme control over the society, largely filling the newsletter with articles written by himself, and excommunicating the entire San Francisco chapter, reportedly their most active, after disagreements over the society's direction, and forbidding them to use the name Fortean. During World War II, for example, Thayer used every issue of "Doubt" to espouse his politics. Particularly, he frequently expressed opposition to Civil Defense, going to such lengths as encouraging readers to turn on their lights in defiance to air raid sirens. In contrast to the spirit of Charles Fort, he not only dismissed flying saucers as nonsense, but also dismissed the atomic bomb as a hoax.

Title: Vincent Gaddis

Vincent Hayes Gaddis (December 28, 1913 – February 26, 1997) was an American author who invented the phrase "Bermuda Triangle", which he used first in the cover article for the 1964 February issue of the magazine "Argosy". He popularized many stories about anomalous and paranormal phenomena in a style similar to that of Charles Fort.

Title: William R. Corliss

William Roger Corliss (August 28, 1926 – July 8, 2011) was an American physicist and writer who was known for his interest in collecting data regarding anomalous phenomena. Arthur C. Clarke described him as "Fort's latter-day - and much more scientific - successor."

Title: Michael D. Swords

Michael D. Swords is a retired professor of Natural Science at Western Michigan University, who writes about general sciences and anomalous phenomena, particularly parapsychology, cryptozoology, and ufology, editing the academic publication "The Journal of UFO Studies". He is a board member of the J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies.

Title: The Book of the Damned

The Book of the Damned was the first published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1919). Concerning various types of anomalous phenomena including UFOs, strange falls of both organic and inorganic materials from the sky, odd weather patterns, the possible existence of creatures generally believed to be mythological, disappearances of people, and many other phenomena, the book is considered to be the first of the specific topic of anomalistics.

Title: Chipmunks in Low Places

Chipmunks in Low Places is a country album written by John Boylan and Andrew Gold and performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks. It features cover songs as well as original material. Released on September 29, 1992, the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA, becoming the group's first platinum record and making it the Chipmunks' best-selling album. The album reached number 21 on the "Billboard" 200, becoming their first album to chart in ten years. The album also managed to peak at No. 6 on "Billboard"' s Top Country Albums, making it the highest peaking album for the group on the chart.

Title: Martina McBride discography

The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances. In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992. In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued. Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit. The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song. The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. " Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list. McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States. The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say". After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999. The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.

Title: The Dance (song)

"The Dance" is a song written and composed by Tony Arata, and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks as the tenth and final track from his self-titled debut album, from which it was also released as the album's fourth and final single in April 1990. It is considered by many to be Brooks' signature song. In a 2015 interview with Patrick Kielty of BBC Radio 2, Brooks credits the back to back success of both "The Dance" and its follow up "Friends In Low Places" for his phenomenal success.

Title: I Feel Lucky

"I Feel Lucky" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Mary Chapin Carpenter. It was released in May 1992 as the first single from the album "Come On Come On". The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The Chipettes recorded a cover of this song for the 1992 album "Chipmunks in Low Places". It was written by Carpenter and Don Schlitz.

Title: Rosanne Cash discography

The discography of Rosanne Cash, an American singer-songwriter, consists of thirteen studio albums, six compilation albums, one tribute album, and 39 singles. The daughter of Johnny Cash, Rosanne Cash recorded her self-titled debut album in 1978 under the German label Ariola. After signing with Columbia Records in 1979, Cash's second studio album "Right or Wrong" was released. Its lead single "No Memories Hangin' Around" (a duet with Bobby Bare) reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart. Cash's third studio release, "Seven Year Ache" (1981) gained major success when the title track peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Country chart, followed by "My Baby Thinks He's a Train" and "Blue Moon with a Heartache," which also reached the top spot. The album's follow-up effort, "Somewhere in the Stars" (1982) produced two Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" chart. After a 3-year hiatus, Cash issued "Rhythm & Romance" in 1985, which reached #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums list. It spawned four Top 10 singles. This included the number one single, "I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me," which won the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance in 1986. Her sixth album, "King's Record Shop" was released in 1987. The album peaked at number six on the country albums chart and certified gold in the United States. The four singles released from "King's Record Shop" all reached number one on the "Billboard" Country chart between 1987 and 1988, including a cover of Johnny Cash's "Tennessee Flat-Top Box."

Title: There It Is (Shalamar song)

"There It Is" is a 1982 song by funk band Shalamar from their album Friends. It is their highest charting single in the UK, along with A Night to Remember which both reached no. 5. It reached no. 6 in Ireland.

Title: Omarion

Omari Ishmael Grandberry (born November 12, 1984, known by his stage name Omarion) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and dancer. He is best known as being the lead singer of the American R&B boy band B2K; the group achieved success with singles like "Bump, Bump, Bump", "Uh Huh", and "Girlfriend", which all reached success on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After the group's disbandment, Omarion released his debut solo album, "O" (2005), which debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 48th Grammy Awards. His second solo album, "21" (2006), contained his second highest-charting single to date, "Ice Box", which reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. His third solo album, "Ollusion" (2010), was released on January 12, 2010, with the lead single, "I Get It In". His fourth solo album, "Sex Playlist" (2014), spawned the single, "Post to Be", which was certified 3x platinum and reached number 13 on the Hot 100 chart in May 2015, and became his highest charting single to date.

Title: No Fences

No Fences is the second studio album by the American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 27, 1990, and reached #1 on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums chart. The album also reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200. On the latter chart it stayed in the top 40 for 126 weeks. No Fences remains Brooks' best-selling studio album to date with 17 million copies shipped in the US, and is the album that made him an international star. It was his first album issued in Europe (the original European release contained the four singles from his U.S. debut as bonus tracks). This was Garth's first album to have a crossover-friendly country-pop sound, which was a departure from the neotraditional country sound of his first album.

Title: Friends in Low Places

"Friends in Low Places" is a song performed by American country pop artist Garth Brooks. It was released on August 6, 1990 as the lead single from his album "No Fences". The song spent four weeks at number one on the Hot Country Songs, and won both the Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association awards for 1990 Single of the Year.

Title: Train discography

American pop rock band Train has released ten studio albums, two live albums, one video album, four extended plays, 30 singles, four promotional singles, and 26 music videos. The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation. In February 1998, the band signed to Aware Records and Columbia Records and re-released the album under the two labels. Three singles were released from "Train"; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The album peaked at number 76 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In the period following the release of "Train", producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums. The band released their second studio album "Drops of Jupiter" in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)". The single became a commercial success, peaking at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and also becoming a top ten hit in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards. The album peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA. " She's on Fire", the third single from "Drops of Jupiter", achieved moderate success in Australia and the UK. Train's third studio album, "My Private Nation", was released in June 2003. It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA. The album's first two singles, "Calling All Angels" and "When I Look to the Sky", peaked at numbers 19 and 74 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The band released their fourth studio album "For Me, It's You" in January 2006. The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned three singles.

Title: The Definition Of...

The Definition Of... is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Fantasia. It was released by RCA Records and 19 Recordings on July 29, 2016 in the United States and for online streaming worldwide on Apple Music a day earlier. Fantasia worked with producers Ron Fair, Brian Kennedy, Neff-U, Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon and GRADES on the album. The album featured two top ten singles on the US "Billboard" Adult R&B Songs airplay chart: "No Time for It", which peaked at number six, and "Sleeping with the One I Love" which peaked at number nine. In order to further promote the album, Fantasia embarked on a tour with Anthony Hamilton called . "The Definition Of..." received mixed to positive reviews from music critics. The album peaked at number six on the US "Billboard" 200. The album also topped that week's "Billboard" Top R&B Albums chart, and peaked at number two on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. The album was also promoted with an US twelve-show tour titled The Definition Of... Tour, which started on November 16, 2016 and ended on December 4, 2016. The third single "When I Met You" was released on January 17, 2017.

Title: Thomas Rhett discography

American singer and songwriter Thomas Rhett has released three studio albums, one extended play and thirteen singles, including one as a featured artist. His debut album, "It Goes Like This", debuted in the top 10 of the "Billboard" 200 in 2013 and produced three number one singles on the "Billboard" Country Airplay chart. Rhett released his second album, "Tangled Up", in 2015 which peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200. Four of the album's five singles reached number one, while the second single, "Die a Happy Man" became his first crossover success and highest-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100. His third album, "Life Changes", is due in 2017. Nine of Rhett's singles have received at least a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), with six going Platinum.

Title: Trisha Yearwood discography

American country artist Trisha Yearwood has released twelve studio albums, seven compilation albums, one additional album, forty one music videos, fifty-eight singles and has appeared on twenty eight albums. Yearwood's self-titled debut album was released in 1991, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number thirty one on the Billboard 200. It became the first debut female country album to sell one million copies, eventually certifying double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. " She's in Love with the Boy" became the first female debut single since 1964 to top the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. The album would spawn an additional three singles, including "The Woman Before Me". Her second studio album was the critically acclaimed "Hearts in Armor" (1992). It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe". Her third studio record "The Song Remembers When" (1993) enjoyed similar success while the lead single reached number two on the Billboard country chart. A holiday album appeared before her platinum-selling fourth studio album "Thinkin' About You" (1995). Reaching the third position of the country albums chart and the top thirty of the Billboard 200, its first two singles topped the Hot Country Singles chart. Her sixth studio album "Everybody Knows" (1996) spawned Yearwood's fourth number one single, "Believe Me Baby (I Lied)".

Title: Number 1's (Destiny's Child album)

Following its release, "#1's" received positive reviews from music critics who praised the included material as the highlights of the group's music career. However, its title was dismissed as many of the songs included on the track listing hadn't reached the top position of a major record chart; it was later acknowledged by "Billboard" magazine that the title was only used as a marketing strategy. The compilation debuted and peaked on top of the US "Billboard" 200 album chart becoming the group's second album to reach number one in that country. It further peaked at number one in Japan and number six in the UK while also reaching the top forty in many European countries. The compilation received seven certifications by music trade organizations in different countries across the world. It further spawned two singles: "Stand up For Love", which failed to appear on a major music chart, and "Check on It", which reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and the top ten on many European charts.

Title: Dirt (Alice in Chains album)

Dirt is the second studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on September 29, 1992, through Columbia Records. Peaking at number six on the "Billboard" 200, the album was also well received by music critics. It has since been certified four-times platinum by the RIAA and gone on to sell five million copies worldwide, making "Dirt" the band's highest selling album to date. It is the band's last album recorded with all four original members, as bassist Mike Starr was terminated from the band in January 1993.

Title: Uncle Charlie

Uncle Charlie is the fourth studio album by Charlie Wilson and was released on February 17, 2009. It features production from Gregg Pagani, The Underdogs, Bigg D, T-Pain and L.O.S. da Maestro. It features guest appearances from Snoop Dogg, Jamie Foxx and T-Pain. The first two singles from the album are "Supa Sexxy" and "There Goes My Baby", the latter receiving major airplay on the Urban and Adult R&B radio stations as well being named Billboard Magazine's number one Urban Adult Song for 2009. It debuted and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 with sales of 58,000 copies in its first week. This was his highest peak on the Billboard 200 to date and so far has sold 362,355 copies.

Title: Hate to Feel

"Hate to Feel" is the tenth track on Alice in Chains' album "Dirt" (1992). The song was included on the compilation albums "Music Bank" (1999) and "The Essential Alice in Chains". It has also been the ninth track on later prints of the album and eleventh on others. Some editions of "Dirt" may merge this song with the then-unlisted 43-second track "Iron Gland".

Title: Mocean 8

Mocean 8 is a Boston, Massachusetts, United States based acoustic rock band consisting of Dan McQueen (guitarist/singer), Jim Corcoran (percussion), Mike Hartman (Bass), and Justin Corcoran (drums/guitar). Since 2002 Mocean 8 has been working together to form a groove rock band that is as close as family (which they are). The two drummers are cousins, the percussionist's sister is the lead singer's fiancé, and the bassist is the lead guitarist's uncle.

Title: In the Mountain in the Cloud

In the Mountain in the Cloud is the sixth studio album by Alaskan psychedelic rock band Portugal. The Man. It was recorded over a period of eight months, and produced by John Hill, the band's frontman John Gourley, and Casey Bates. The album was released on July 19, 2011 through Atlantic Records and is Portugal. The Man's major-label debut.

Title: Modest Mouse

Modest Mouse is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Issaquah, Washington (a suburb of Seattle), and currently based in Portland, Oregon. The founding members are lead singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy. Strongly influenced by groups Pavement, the Pixies, XTC, and Talking Heads, the band rehearsed, rearranged, and recorded demos for almost two years before finally signing with small-town indie label, K Records, and releasing numerous singles. Since the band's 1996 debut album, "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About", the group's lineup has centered on Brock and Green. Judy performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012. Guitarist Johnny Marr (formerly of the Smiths) joined the band in 2006, shortly following percussionist Joe Plummer (formerly of the Black Heart Procession) and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank". Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in 2009. The band's sixth album, "Strangers to Ourselves", was released on March 17, 2015.

Title: Portugal. The Man discography

The discography of American rock band Portugal. The Man consists of eight studio albums, four extended plays (EPs) and eleven singles. The band was formed in 2004 in Wasilla, Alaska by John Gourley, Zach Carothers, Kyle O'Quin, Jason Sechrist and Eric Howk.

Title: Waiter: &quot;You Vultures!&quot;

Waiter: "You Vultures!" is the debut full length album by the Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal. The Man. It is lead singer John Gourley's first album released after leaving the band Anatomy of a Ghost. It is the band's only album before 2009's "The Satanic Satanist" to use a heavy amount of electronic drums and synthesizers.

Title: The Studdogs

The Studdogs was a rock band from Orlando, Florida. The band's music contains elements of punk, blues rock, garage rock, and noise rock. The band was formed in 2000 and stayed active until 2005. They released a lot of material, particularly the full-length album, "The Gospel According to the Studdogs" and the 7" vinyl 3-song EP, and gained local and national notoriety. They were featured in several national music magazines, including Magnet and Amplifier. Comparisons were made to the Stooges, Dead Boys, and it was said they sounded "like absolute victory by way of slurring, Rolling Stones-y garage rock from nowhere in particular." Their drunken, abrasive live shows often ended with someone bleeding or being thrown out of the venue. Their live shows were said to be "what Howling Wolf would sound like through a wall of noise and distortion." The band was signed by Orange Recordings in Los Angeles and toured all over the country, sharing bills with the Demolition Doll Rods, Bob Log III, The Fleshtones, and Immortal Lee County Killers and a one-time show with the Suicide Girls Burlesque Tour in Orlando. While in the Studdogs, Rich Evans began promoting concerts under the tag "Mutiny Productions". He now heads the independent "Florida's Dying" label, promoting and releasing material from the Florida-underground music scene. Kyle Justin joined the band on drums in early 2002 to replace Jason, who was moving to Texas. Kyle vacated his position as drummer in 2003 to pursue a music career in Los Angeles. Eric Gebhardt left the band in 2005 to pursue a solo career under the alias Red Mouth.

Title: John Gourley

John Baldwin Gourley (born 1981) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter from Alaska. He is the lead singer and guitarist in the Portland, Oregon rock band Portugal. The Man. Gourley was previously the lead singer in screamo punk band, Anatomy of a Ghost. Gourley is also a visual artist, who often uses the alias The Fantastic The.

Title: Portugal. The Man

Portugal. The Man is an American rock band from Wasilla, Alaska. The group consists of John Gourley, Zach Carothers, Kyle O'Quin, Jason Sechrist and Eric Howk. Gourley and Carothers met and began playing music together originally at Wasilla High School in Wasilla, Alaska. Their first two albums were released on Fearless Records. On April 2, 2010, the band signed to Atlantic Records.

Title: The Satanic Satanist

The Satanic Satanist is the fourth full-length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal. The Man. The album's artwork is a combination of photographs and watercolor illustrations by lead singer John Gourley.

Title: Hutch Harris

Hutch Harris is an American songwriter and musician, and the lead guitarist/vocalist of Portland, Oregon rock band The Thermals. He also writes and performs under the name Forbidden Friends.

Title: Anu Namshir

ANU NAMSHIR (Mongolian: НАМШИРЫН АНУ , , Korean: 아누 남시르 ) born April 12, 1991 is a Mongolian miss, model, graphic designer and titleholder. She won the "Miss Mongolia" 2013 title and was later crowned as World Bikini Model International 2014 (1st runner up) and "Miss Manzhouli 2014" (winner) in China, Asian Star Model 2015 Supermodel International 2015 (winner) in Korea and Miss World Mongolia 2015 (national winner). And then she represented Mongolia in the Miss World 2015. In 2016, September 26, she also was crowned Miss Tourism Queen International 2016 (winner) and awarded Miss Charity. And then December 1, 2016, she has participated first in Goyol 2017 which was organized by Mongolian Designers Association annually was awarded Photo Model. She worked at Mongolia's Next Top Model show 14th number representing Z24 online ticket reservation through Z24 face.

Title: Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year Award

The Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year award is presented annually by the National Football League (NFL) honoring a player's volunteer and charity work, as well as his excellence on the field. Prior to 1999, it was called simply the NFL Man of the Year Award. Shortly after Chicago Bears running back Walter Payton died (having been the 1977 recipient himself), the award was renamed to honor his legacy as a humanitarian. Each year, a winner is selected from 32 nominees from the 32 different teams. A panel of judges, which includes the Commissioner of the NFL, Connie Payton (widow of Walter Payton), the previous year's winner, and a number of former players select the winner of the award. The Man of the Year winner receives a $50,000 donation in his name to a charity of his choice. The other 31 finalists also receive donations in their name of $5,000 each to charities of their choice. The Chicago Bears and Kansas City Chiefs have had more winners of the award than any other team, with 5 winners each. The winners for the 2016 award are New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning and Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald.

Title: Carole Dieschbourg

Carole Dieschbourg (born 1977) is a Luxembourg politician and writer. Since December 2013, she has been Minister for the Environment representing the Green in the government coalition consisting of the Democratic Party, the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party and the Green Party. She represented Luxembourg at the COP22 Climate Change Conference in Marrakesh, November 2016.

Title: Jérôme d'Ambrosio

Jérôme d'Ambrosio (born 27 December 1985) is a Belgian professional racing driver. He drove for Marussia Virgin Racing during the 2011 Formula One World Championship. As a result of the one-race ban given to Romain Grosjean for actions at the start of the 2012 Belgian Grand Prix, d'Ambrosio replaced the Frenchman for the 2012 Italian Grand Prix. In 2016, he is competing in Formula E driving for Dragon Racing. D'Ambrosio achieved his first Formula E victory in 2015 at the 2015 Berlin ePrix, and a second at the 2016 Mexican ePrix, both as a result of Lucas di Grassi's disqualification.

Title: 2016 Marrakesh ePrix

The 2016 Marrakesh ePrix (formally the 2016 FIA Formula E Marrakesh ePrix) was a Formula E motor race held on 12 November 2016 at the Circuit Moulay El Hassan in Marrakesh, Morocco in front of a crowd of 7,000 people. It was the second round of the 2016–17 Formula E season and the first time the series had visited the African continent. The 33-lap race was won by e.Dams-Renault driver Sébastien Buemi, who started from the seventh position. Sam Bird finished second for the Virgin team and Mahindra driver Felix Rosenqvist came in third.

Title: 2016 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award

The 2016 BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award took place on 18 December 2016 at the Genting Arena in Birmingham. It was the 63rd presentation of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award. Awarded annually by the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), the main award honours an individual's British sporting achievement over the past year, with the winner selected by public vote from a sixteen-person shortlist; the winner was Tennis player Andy Murray, who became the first person to win the award three times.

Title: Sébastien Buemi

Sébastien Olivier Buemi (born 31 October 1988) is a Swiss professional racing driver, who formerly competed for Scuderia Toro Rosso in Formula One. Buemi is currently a reserve driver for Scuderia Toro Rosso's sister team, Red Bull Racing, as well as being a member of Toyota's FIA World Endurance Championship squad and e.dams Renault in the FIA Formula E Championship. Along with teammate Anthony Davidson, Buemi became World Champion in the LMP1 class of the FIA World Endurance Championship, in 2014. He won the second ever Formula E championship, the season held across 2015–2016, by two points for setting the fastest lap time in the final race despite not finishing the event.

Title: Lucas di Grassi

Lucas Tucci di Grassi (born 11 August 1984) is a Brazilian professional racing driver who currently competes for Audi Sport ABT in Formula E and is the 2016-17 World Champion. In 2014, di Grassi became the first driver in motorsport history to win a motor race in an all-electric single-seater racing car at the 2014 Beijing ePrix. He was also runner-up in the 2007 GP2 Series, 2015-16 FIA Formula E and 2016 FIA World Endurance Championship, and drove for Virgin Racing in the 2010 Formula One season.

Title: BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award

The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award is the main award of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony, which takes place each December. The winner is the sportsperson, judged by a public vote, to have achieved the most that year. The recipient must either be British or reside and play a significant amount of their sport in the United Kingdom. The winner is selected by a public-vote from a pre-determined shortlist. The most recent award winner is tennis player Andy Murray, who won in 2016.

Title: FPAI Indian Player of the Year

The FPAI Indian Player of the Year is an annual award given to an Indian player who is adjudged to have been the best of the year in Indian football. The award has been presented since the 2009–10 season and the winner is chosen by a vote amongst the members of the players' trade union, the Football Players' Association of India. The first winner of the award was Dempo striker Sunil Chhetri. Anas Edathodika, the Defender of Mohun Bagan  and Indian national team has been the recent winner, for 2016–17.

Title: Seoul Station (film)

Seoul Station (Korean: 서울역 ) is a South Korean animated zombie drama film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho. Released on August 18, 2016, the film stars Ryu Seung-ryong, Shim Eun-kyung and Lee Joon in the lead roles. The film was shown at the 2016 Edinburgh International Film Festival.

Title: Cafe Noir

Cafe Noir () is a 2009 South Korean romance melodrama film starring Shin Ha-kyun, Moon Jeong-hee, Kim Hye-na and Jung Yu-mi. Written and directed by first-time director Jung Sung-il, a well regarded film critic-turned-director, it is a contemplation on love and heartbreak largely based on two works of literature - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "The Sorrows of Young Werther" and Fyodor Dostoyevsky's White Nights. The critically acclaimed work debuted at the 66th Venice Film Festival in 2009, and Jung was nominated for New Talent Grand Pix at the 2010 Copenhagen International Film Festival.

Title: Psychokinesis (film)

Psychokinesis is an upcoming South Korean black comedy film directed by Yeon Sang-ho. The film stars Ryu Seung-ryong, Shim Eun-kyung, Park Jung-min, Kim Min-jae and Jung Yu-mi.

Title: Train to Busan

Train to Busan () is a 2016 South Korean zombie apocalypse action thriller film directed by Yeon Sang-ho and starring Gong Yoo, Jung Yu-mi, and Ma Dong-seok. The film takes place on a train to Busan, as a zombie apocalypse suddenly breaks in the country and compromises the safety of the passengers.

Title: The Fake (2013 film)

The Fake () is a 2013 South Korean animated film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho.

Title: Yeon Sang-ho

Yeon Sang-ho (born 1978) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter. He wrote and directed the animated films "The King of Pigs" (2011) and "The Fake" (2013), and the live-action film "Train to Busan" (2016).

Title: Kim Yool-ho

Kim Yool-ho (; born February 21, 1985) is a South Korean actor and model, He is best known for his role in "The Map Against the World", in which he played Prince Geumwi, and the 2016 zombie thriller apocalypse film "Train to Busan" as "man in suit 2", who helps Yong-suk (played by Kim Eui-sung).

Title: The Crucible (2011 film)

The Crucible (; also known as Silenced) is a 2011 South Korean drama film  based on the novel of the same name by Gong Ji-young, starring Gong Yoo and Jung Yu-mi. It is based on actual events that took place at Gwangju Inhwa School for the hearing-impaired, where young deaf students were the victims of repeated sexual assaults by faculty members over a period of five years in the early 2000s.

Title: The King of Pigs

The King of Pigs () is a 2011 South Korean animated drama film based on a true story, directed by Yeon Sang-ho. It won three awards at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival. The film was selected to be screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival. One primary trait of the film is that its events are based on actual accounts, accurately depicted down to every last detail.

Title: Top Gear Korea

Top Gear Korea () is the South Korean adaptation of BBC's popular "Top Gear" show. Officially announced on 21 June 2011, the show follows a similar format with the British version and season 1 included 3 presenters: singer and professional driver Kim Jin-pyo (김진표), actor Yeon Jung-hoon (연정훈), and actor Kim Kap-soo (김갑수). It premiered on cable channel XTM on 20 August 2011.

Title: Tabas-e Masina

Tabas-e Masina (Persian: طبس مسينا‎ ‎ , also Romanized as Ţabas-e Masīnā and Ţabas Masīnā; also known as Ţabas and Masīnā) is a city in Gazik District, Darmian County, in South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, where it had village status, its population was 3,776, in 779 families. It was promoted to city status following the 2006 census.

Title: Aghajari

Aghajari (Persian: آغاجاری‎ ‎ , also Romanized as Āghājārī and Āghā Jārī; also known as Aghajari-e Zeydūn and Āqā Jarī) is a city in and the capital of Central District, in Aghajari County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13,152, in 2,943 families. Because of the Iran-Iraq War the city's population dropped from 64,102 in 1986 to around 16,337 in the 1991 census and its population continued to drop long after the 1991 census (held 3 years after the end of the Iran-Iraq War), but according to World Gazetteer the population has slowly grown to 15,153 in 2012, meaning the city's population is extremely far from reaching or getting close to its 1986 population.

Title: Sareyn County

Sareyn County (Persian: شهرستان سرعین‎ ‎ ) is a county in Ardabil Province in Iran. The capital of the county is Sareyn. The county was split off from Ardabil County after the 2006 census. At the 2006 census, the county's population was 17,197, in 3,937 families. The county consists of two districts: the Central District and Sabalan District. The county has one city: Sareyn.

Title: Ningi, Nigeria

Ningi is a town, a local government area, and an emirate in Bauchi State, Nigeria. The Ningi emirate comprises two local government areas, Ningi and Warji, with a combined area of 5,250 km and a population of 501,912 according to the 2006 Census. The Ningi local government area covers an area of 4,625 km with a population of 387,192 at the 2006 Census. The area is inhabited mostly by Fa,awa, Warjawa, Duwa, Ningawa and Fulani people. Yunusa Mohammadu Danyaya is the current Emir of Ningi.

Title: Uche James-Iroha

James Iroha Uchechukwu is a Nigerian photographer. He was born in 1972 in Enugu. For of his photographic approach, his support to young photographers and the passing of his knowledge, he is regarded at the beginning of the 21st century as someone that has broadened the horizon of Nigerian photography.

Title: Noorat

Noorat is a small township in southwestern Victoria, Australia. Noorat is located approximately 218 km west of Melbourne. The township is located at the base of Mount Noorat, a dormant volcano, which is considered to have Australia's largest dry crater. At the 2006 census, Noorat had a population of 252. By 2011, according to the census, the population had dropped to 167, although this drop in numbers is a bit deceptive as the town boundary was changed in between the 2006 and 2011 census.

Title: Hinduism in Australia

Hinduism is a major religion in Australia consisting of more than 440,300 followers, making up 1.9% of the population as of the 2016 census, up from 275,000 individuals representing 1.3% of the total Australian population according to the 2011 census (up from 148,119 in the 2006 census).

Title: Enugu

Enugu ( ; Igbo: Énugwú ) is the capital of Enugu State in Nigeria. It is located in southeastern Nigeria. The city had a population of 722,664 according to the 2006 Nigerian census. The name "Enugu" is derived from the two Igbo words "Énú Ụ́gwụ́" meaning "hill top" denoting the city's hilly geography. The city was named after Enugwu Ngwo, under which coal was found.

Title: Terang

Terang is a town in the Western District of Victoria, Australia. The town is in the Shire of Corangamite and on the Princes Highway 212 km south west of the state's capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census , Terang had a population of 1,824. At the 2001 census, Terang had a population of 1,859. The population of Terang has since risen according to the 2011 Census; the population is now 2,348, of which 1,155 are male and 1,193 are female, with the median age being 44.

Title: Shiqi Subdistrict

Shiqi Subdistrict or Shiqiqu Subdistrict is located in the center of Zhongshan city and covering an area of 49.72 square kilometers. Kei River is the mother river of Shekki district. The district administers 19 neighborhood committees, and is considered the city's center for commerce and culture. According to a 2006 census, the district had a permanent population of 169,400 and migrant population of 40,900. Shekki District has a national-level private enterprise industrial park—Guangdong Zhongshan Industrial Park. Furthermore, the district has currently 20 commercial networks, such as major marketplaces, logistic centers, and shopping malls. One study in 2006 finds credits the district with 11767 business enterprises.

Title: Barbara Avedon

Barbara Avedon (June 14, 1925 – August 31, 1994) was a television writer, political activist, and feminist. She was one of the writers for the television series "Bewitched", and helped a group of Jefferson High School students write the episode "Sisters at Heart". She also wrote for "Executive Suite" and "Fish", a 1977-78 spin-off from "Barney Miller". With Barbara Corday, Avedon created "Cagney & Lacey", the world's first dramatic television series to place women in both of its starring roles. They came up with the idea for this television series after having read Molly Haskell's book "From Reverence to Rape" which stated that there had never been a female buddy film. Avedon and Corday initially intended "Cagney & Lacey" to be a film. While they were writing the series together, Avedon was more experienced and proficient in screenwriting than Corday, and Avedon mentored Corday in this area throughout the series. They were best friends for nearly a decade.

Title: D.C. Cab

D.C. Cab (also known as Street Fight) is a 1983 American comedy film, starring Max Gail, Adam Baldwin, Mr. T, Charlie Barnett, Gary Busey, Marsha Warfield, and Whitman Mayo. The film was written and directed by Joel Schumacher with the story by Topper Carew & Schumacher.

Title: Phil Fish (character)

Detective Phil Fish is a fictional NYPD detective in the TV series "Barney Miller" and later in the spin off series "Fish". He was played by Abe Vigoda.

Title: Jim Moody (actor)

Jim Moody (born September 25, 1949 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is a television and film character actor. He played the tough-talking counselor/teacher Gene Daniels in "Bad Boys". His first feature film role was in the 1980 hit film "Fame", in which he played Mr. Farrell, a drama teacher. Jim starred in the 1983 comedy film "D.C. Cab" as Arnie, a member of the rival cab company, Emerald Cab. He also appeared in the 1999 drama "The Best Man" and as Leroy Greene, Sr. (the father) in "The Last Dragon".

Title: Jack Soo

Jack Soo (October 28, 1917 – January 11, 1979) was a Japanese American actor. He is best known for his role as Detective Nick Yemana on the television sitcom "Barney Miller".

Title: Nellie Bellflower

Nellie Bellflower (born May 1, 1946 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American actress and voice artist who provided the voice of Princess Ariel in the Ruby-Spears animated television series "Thundarr the Barbarian". She has also been in "The Last Unicorn" (voice), Rankin/Bass "The Return of the King", "Americathon", the miniseries "East of Eden", and guest roles on various TV shows such as "Barnaby Jones", "Barney Miller", "Starsky and Hutch", and "Happy Days" as Fonzie's ex-fiancée Maureen Johnson, a.k.a. "The Lone Stripper", in the Season 2 episode of the series titled "Fonzie's Getting Married" (episode #13). Nellie has been involved in movie production with three projects: "The Girl in Melanie Klein" (2008), "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day" (2008) and "Finding Neverland" (2004), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award as Producer for Best Picture. She is married to Michael Mislove.

Title: Max Gail

Maxwell Trowbridge "Max" Gail Jr. (born April 5, 1943) is an American actor who has starred in stage, television, and film roles. He most notably portrayed the role of Detective Stan "Wojo" Wojciehowicz on the television sitcom "Barney Miller".

Title: Ron Carey (actor)

Ronald Joseph Cicenia (December 11, 1935 – January 16, 2007), known as Ron Carey, was an American film and television actor. The 5 ft actor was best known for playing ambitious NYPD Police Officer Carl Levitt on TV's "Barney Miller", in which he was almost always surrounded by male actors (and sometimes female guest stars) who stood at least 4 in taller. The series' stars (Hal Linden, Max Gail, Abe Vigoda, Ron Glass, Steve Landesberg) all stood 6 ft or more. Carey appeared in the recurring role for the last six of the eight seasons of "Barney Miller"' s run. He first appeared on the show as a criminal, Angelo Molinari (aka The Mole), in Season 2, Episode 22.

Title: Steve Landesberg

Steve Landesberg (November 23, 1936December 20, 2010) was an American actor, comedian, and voice actor known for his role as the erudite, unflappable police detective Arthur P. Dietrich on the ABC sitcom "Barney Miller", for which he was nominated for three Emmy Awards.

Title: Joe Bash

Joe Bash is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC from March 28 to May 10, 1986. Starring Peter Boyle as a weary and embittered New York City Police Department beat cop, it was created by veteran TV producer Danny Arnold following his successful New York City police detective sitcom "Barney Miller". The production company was Tetagram Ltd., with Arnold and Chris Hayward serving as the show's executive producers. All six episodes were written by the team of Arnold, Hayward and Philip Jayson Lasker, with Arnold directing all but the fifth episode, which was directed by John Florea.

Title: Late Night Final

Late Night Final is the second studio album (and first full-length album after the mini-album "Richard Hawley" released six months earlier) from musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records. Named after the cry of vendors selling the "Sheffield Star" evening newspaper on the streets of his home city, it was released to positive reviews. A single, "Baby, You're My Light" was released from the album in February 2002, reaching #81 in the UK singles chart.

Title: Lady's Bridge (album)

Lady's Bridge is the fifth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 20 August 2007 in the UK and on 9 October 2007 in the US. The album follows his 2005 Mercury Music Prize-nominated album "Coles Corner". It is named after the landmark location of Lady's Bridge in Hawley's hometown of Sheffield, an old bridge over the River Don that historically connected the rich and poor parts of the town. Hawley told "Uncut" magazine that "the title is a metaphor too; it's about leaving the past behind". The cover features a photograph, taken by Martin Parr, of Hawley and his guitar at the Club 60 music venue in Sheffield as a tribute to his father Dave who had died of lung cancer earlier that year: Dave Hawley had been a blues guitarist at the club in his youth, playing alongside Muddy Waters and John Lee Hooker.

Title: Standing at the Sky's Edge

Standing at the Sky's Edge is the seventh studio album from English musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK on 7 May 2012 and in the US on 28 August 2012. The album is markedly different from Hawley's previous efforts, often relinquishing softer instrumentation in favour of squalling guitars. As with all of Hawley's previous albums, the title obliquely refers to a location in his native city of Sheffield, in this case Skye Edge, a hillside area with views over the city centre and formerly known for its crime-ridden estates but largely redeveloped in the mid-2000s.

Title: Richard Hawley

Richard Willis Hawley (born 17 January 1967) is an English guitarist, singer-songwriter and producer. After his first band Treebound Story (formed while he was still at school) broke up, Hawley found success as a member of Britpop band Longpigs in the 1990s. After that group broke up in 2000, he later joined the band Pulp, led by his friend Jarvis Cocker, for a short time. As a solo musician, Hawley has released seven studio albums. He has been nominated for a Mercury prize twice and once for a Brit Award. He has collaborated with Lisa Marie Presley, Arctic Monkeys, Manic Street Preachers and Paul Weller.

Title: Catherine (alternative rock band)

Catherine was an alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois that was active from 1985 to 1998. They were signed to TVT Records.

Title: Truelove's Gutter

Truelove's Gutter is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US. The album title refers to an ancient street in Hawley's native Sheffield, now thought to be the location of present-day Castle Street, which was allegedly named after 18th-century innkeeper Thomas Truelove, who used charge local people to dump their rubbish in the gutter in the street that then flowed down to the River Don. Thematically, "Truelove's Gutter" is Richard's darkest album to date. Richard told the BBC that the album was inspired by particularly dark periods in his life and those of others. The album features some uncommon instrumentation, such as the waterphone, megabass, and cristal baschet.

Title: Lowedges

Lowedges is the third studio album from musician Richard Hawley. It was released in the UK in February 2003 by Setanta Records. It is named after a district in Hawley's home city of Sheffield.

Title: A Heavy Nite With...

A Heavy Nite With... is the debut album by British band Relaxed Muscle fronted by Pulp's Jarvis Cocker, using the pseudonym Darren Spooner. The other member is Jason Buckle. It has been alleged that Jason Buckle is a pseudonym for Pulp guitarist Richard Hawley, but this is not the case - Hawley does contribute guitar to the album, however, under the pseudonym Wayne Marsden.

Title: Broken (Soulsavers album)

Broken is the third full-length studio album from electronica production duo Soulsavers, released by V2 Records in the UK on 17 August 2009, and released by Columbia Records in the US in September as a digital download. As with their 2007 album "It's Not How Far You Fall, It's the Way You Land", a collaboration with Mark Lanegan and a host of guest vocalists, "Broken" once again features Lanegan as the primary vocalist, as well as contributions from Bonnie "Prince" Billy (Will Oldham), Jason Pierce (of Spiritualized and Spacemen 3), Mike Patton (of Faith No More), Richard Hawley, and Gibby Haynes (of Butthole Surfers). The non-album single "Sunrise", a song written by Lanegan and sung by Will Oldham, preceded the album release on 3 August 2009. The AA-side is a cover of Palace Brothers' "You Will Miss Me When I Burn", written by Oldham and sung by Lanegan, that also features on the album.

Title: Longpigs

Longpigs were a British alternative rock band who rose to fame on the fringe of Britpop in the 1990s, comprising Crispin Hunt (vocals), Richard Hawley (guitar), Simon Stafford (bass guitar) and former Cabaret Voltaire member Dee Boyle (drums) who was replaced by Andy Cook for their second album. Hailing from Sheffield, the group had success with singles such as "She Said", "On and On", and their well-received debut album "The Sun Is Often Out" (1996).

Title: Pam Veasey

Pamela Renea Veasey (born May 25, 1962) is an American television writer, producer and director.

Title: All the Vermeers in New York

All the Vermeers in New York is a 1990 American film written, directed and produced by Jon Jost.

Title: Marc Veasey

Marc Allison Veasey (born January 3, 1971) is an American politician from Fort Worth, Texas. Veasey is currently the United States Representative for Texas's 33rd congressional district, winning the office in November 2012. Previously he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013, where he served as Chair Pro Tempore of the House Democratic Caucus. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Title: Black Merda

Black Merda ( ) is an American rock band from Detroit, active from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s and reuniting in 2005. The core band members are guitarist/vocalist Anthony Hawkins, bassist/guitarist/vocalist VC L. Veasey, and guitarist/vocalist Charles Hawkins, plus original drummer/vocalist Tyrone Hite. Hite was a native of Detroit; the Hawkins brothers and Veasey were all born in Mississippi and came of age in Detroit.

Title: Dale Veasey

Todd Dale Veasey (born May 20, 1960) is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by his ringnames Dale Veasey and Lt. James Earl Wright, who competed in North American regional promotions including the Mid-South region and the National Wrestling Alliance, particularly the Georgia and Florida territories, as well as brief stints in the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling, most notably as one half of the tag team State Patrol with Buddy Lee Parker during the 1990s.

Title: Over Here (film)

Over Here is a 2007 drama film directed by Jon Jost and starring Ryan Harper Gray.

Title: Last Chants for a Slow Dance

Last Chants for a Slow Dance is a 1977 American drama film directed by Jon Jost and starring Tom Blair.

Title: Emmanuelle Chaulet

Emmanuelle Chaulet is a French actress. She starred in Eric Rohmer's 1987 comedy "Boyfriends and Girlfriends" and Jon Jost's 1990 film "All the Vermeers in New York".

Title: List of CSI: Cyber episodes

"", a CBS crime drama starring Patricia Arquette and Ted Danson, was originally introduced during a 2014 episode of "". The series premiered on March 4, 2015. Created by Carol Mendelsohn, Ann Donahue and Anthony E. Zuiker, and executive produced by Mendelsohn, Donahue, Zuiker, Jerry Bruckheimer, and Pam Veasey, "Cyber" follows the work of Mary Aiken inspired Avery Ryan, Ph.D. (Arquette), the Deputy Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and a former psychologist tasked with working on the dark web. She works alongside D.B. Russell (Danson), a "" ex-pat, the civilian Director of Next-Gen Forensics, and a seasoned investigator. James Van Der Beek, Peter MacNicol, Shad Moss, Charley Koontz, and Hayley Kiyoko also star.

Title: Jon Jost

Jon Jost (born 16 May 1943 in Chicago) is an American independent filmmaker.

Title: Maurice Spata

Muriki or Maurice Spata (, ; ) was the ruler of Arta from late 1399/early 1400 until his death in 1414 or 1415. Maurice's reign was dominated by his wars with Carlo I Tocco. Maurice was able to defend his capital of Arta, but despite some victories failed to prevent the fall of Ioannina to Tocco. As a result, his brother Yaqub Spata who succeeded him was defeated in October 1416, ending the Despotate of Arta.

Title: Hot Feet

Hot Feet is a jukebox musical featuring the music of Earth, Wind & Fire, a book by Heru Ptah and was conceived, directed, and choreographed by Maurice Hines. The musical opened on Broadway at the Foxwoods Theatre (then the Hilton Theatre) on April 30, 2006 and closed on July 23, 2006.

Title: Thomas Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley

He was born to Sir Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 3rd Baron Berkeley, and Isabel Meade, in England. He was the younger brother to Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 4th Baron Berkeley, and had a younger brother, James, and younger sister, Anne. On 9 September 1513 he fought in the Battle of Flodden and was knighted by the Earl of Surrey, Thomas Howard. He later became Constable of Berkeley Castle on 15 May 1514, and Sheriff of Gloucestershire, November 1522 - November 1523. By writ, he was succeeded to the title of "de jure" 5th Baron Berkeley on 12 September 1523 after his brother Maurice's death, and his eldest son Thomas followed as the "de jure" 6th Baron Berkeley, again by writ.

Title: John Hines (Australian soldier)

John "Barney" Hines (1873–1958) was a British-born Australian soldier of World War I, known for his prowess at collecting "souvenirs" from German soldiers. Hines was the subject of a famous photo taken by Frank Hurley that depicted him surrounded by German military equipment and money he had looted during the Battle of Polygon Wood in September 1917. This image is among the best-known Australian photographs of the war.

Title: Baron Berkeley of Stratton

Baron Berkeley of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, was a title in the Peerage of England. It was created in 1658 for John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton, a Royalist supporter during the English Civil War, of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family. He was a descendant of Sir Maurice de Berkeley (14th century), younger son of Maurice de Berkeley, 2nd Baron Berkeley (see Baron Berkeley). Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge, was his brother and Charles Berkeley, 1st Earl of Falmouth, his nephew. Lord Berkeley of Stratton's second son, the third Baron (who succeeded his elder brother), was an Admiral in the Royal Navy. He died without surviving children and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baron. He was a politician and served as First Lord of Trade between 1714 and 1715. On his death the title passed to his eldest son, the fifth Baron. He was also a politician and held office as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard and Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-Pensioners. He was childless and the title became extinct on his death in 1775.

Title: Baron Berkeley

The title Baron Berkeley originated as a feudal title and was subsequently created twice in the Peerage of England by writ. It was first granted by writ to Thomas II de Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley (1245–1321), 6th feudal Baron Berkeley, in 1295, but the title of that creation became extinct at the death of his great-great-grandson, the fifth Baron by writ, when no male heirs to the barony by writ remained, although the feudal barony continued. The next creation by writ was in 1421, for the last baron's nephew and heir James Berkeley. His son and successor William was created Viscount Berkeley in 1481, Earl of Nottingham in 1483, and Marquess of Berkeley in 1488. He had no surviving male issue, so the Marquesate and his other non-inherited titles became extinct on his death in 1491, whilst the barony passed "de jure" to his younger brother Maurice. However William had disinherited Maurice because he considered him to have brought shame on the noble House of Berkeley by marrying beneath his status to Isabel, daughter of Philip Mead of Wraxhall, an Alderman and Mayor of Bristol. Instead he bequeathed the castle, lands and lordships comprising the Barony of Berkeley to King Henry VII and his heirs male, failing which to descend to William's own rightful heirs. Thus on the death of King Edward VI in 1553, Henry VII's unmarried grandson, the Berkeley inheritance returned to the family. Therefore, Maurice and his descendants from 1492 to 1553 were "de jure" barons only, until the return of the title to the senior heir Henry (and indirectly to his mother Anne), becoming "de facto" 7th Baron in 1553. Upon his death he was succeeded by his relative George Harding.

Title: Andrew Hines

Andrew Hines (born May 25, 1983 in Villa Park, California) is a five-time National Hot Rod Association Pro Stock Motorcycle champion. He rides the flagship Screamin' Eagle/Vance & Hines Harley-Davidson V-rod. Andrew follows in the footsteps of his brother and crew chief, Matt Hines (NHRA Champion 1996, 97, 98). The team is headed by the legendary duo of Terry Vance and Byron Hines.

Title: Cactus Club

The Cactus Club was a nightclub in the South of First Area (SoFA) of Downtown San Jose, California. It was one of the first clubs to replace some of the 'red light' businesses on South First Street (across the street was the Pussycat Theater which later became F/X). The Cactus Club took over The Bachelor Club and went on to become a legendary live music venue in San Jose for close to 15 years. The concept of The Cactus Club was created by Sean Galvin and Mike Trippett. It was Producer/Promoter Ric Hines who made the opening of the Cactus Club possible with his business experience and professional network. Hines recruited a local lawyer as a partner, Bob Cullen, whose nickname "Cactus Bob" was used to name the club. Mike's brother Calvin Trippett was brought in later as the booking agent for the club. The Cactus Club opened in 1988 and remained open until 2002.

Title: Uptown... It's Hot!

Uptown... It's Hot! was a 1986 Broadway play created, directed, choreographed by and starring Maurice Hines. Performed at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, the play was a musical anthology chronicling the history of African-American music in the United States.

Title: Maurice Hines

Maurice Hines (born December 13, 1943) is an American actor, director, singer, and choreographer. He is the brother of dancer Gregory Hines.

Title: Augusta Canal

The Augusta Canal is a historic canal located in Augusta, Georgia, United States. The canal is fed by the Savannah River and passes through three levels (approximately 13 miles total) in suburban and urban Augusta before the water returns to the river at various locations. It was devised to harness the water power at the fall line of the Savannah River to drive mills, to provide transportation of goods, and to provide a municipal water supply. It is the only canal in the US in continuous use for its original purposes of providing power, transport and municipal water.

Title: 17th Street Canal

The 17th Street Canal is the largest and most important drainage canal in the city of New Orleans. Operating with Pump Station 6, It moves water into Lake Pontchartrain. The canal, along with the Orleans Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals. The 17th Street Canal forms a significant portion of the boundary between the city of New Orleans and Metairie, Louisiana. The canal has also been known as the Metairie Outlet Canal and the Upperline Canal.

Title: Almonaster Road

Almonaster Avenue is a four-lane divided road in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, named after 18th-century Spanish philanthropist Don Andres Almonaster y Rojas. It forms in the residential neighborhoods of the Upper Ninth Ward by branching off at a Y-type intersection with Franklin Avenue. Shortly afterwards, the road elevates on an overpass to cross the Norfolk Southern Railway and returns to ground level as it crosses the Industrial Canal on the Almonaster Avenue Bridge, a bascule bridge that it shares with CSX Transportation, proceeding into New Orleans East. The traffic lanes straddle the railroad bridge on either side; this is the only location where Almonaster becomes a two-lane road, albeit divided. It is also the last of the combination railroad/automobile movable bridges. It winds through the New Orleans Business and Industrial District (NO BID) parallel with the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet and Gulf Intracoastal Waterway. It intersects with Interstate 510 before finally ending at the junction with U.S. Highway 90. It is also known for New Orleans street racing.

Title: Karakum Canal

The Karakum Canal (Qaraqum Canal, Kara Kum Canal, Garagum Canal; Russian: Каракумский канал , "Karakumsky Kanal", Turkmen: Garagum kanaly , گَرَگوُم كَنَلیٛ, "Гарагум каналы") in Turkmenistan is one of the largest irrigation and water supply canals in the world. Started in 1954, and completed in 1988, it is navigable over much of its 1375 km length, and carries 13 km3 of water annually from the Amu-Darya River across the Karakum Desert in Turkmenistan. The canal opened up huge new tracts of land to agriculture, especially to cotton monoculture heavily promoted by the Soviet Union, and supplying Ashgabat with a major source of water. Unfortunately, the primitive construction of the canal allows almost 50 percent of the water to escape en route, creating lakes and ponds along the canal, and a rise in groundwater leading to widespread soil salinization problems. The canal is also a major factor leading to the Aral Sea environmental disaster.

Title: New Orleans Outfall Canals

There are three outfall canals in New Orleans, Louisiana – the 17th Street, Orleans Avenue and London Avenue canals. These canals are a critical element of New Orleans’ flood control system, serving as drainage conduits for much of the city. There are 13 mi of levees and floodwalls that line the sides of the canals. The 17th Street Canal is the largest and most important drainage canal and is capable of conveying more water than the Orleans Avenue and London Avenue Canals combined.

Title: London Avenue Canal

The London Avenue Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana, used for pumping rain water into Lake Pontchartrain. The Canal runs through the 7th Ward of New Orleans from the Gentilly area to the Lakefront. It is one of the three main drainage canals responsible for draining rainwater from the main basin of the city of New Orleans. The London Avenue Canal's flood walls built atop earthen levees breached on both sides during Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

Title: Orleans Canal

The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana. The canal, along with the 17th Street Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals. The current version of the canal is about 2 km long, running along the up-river side of City Park, through the Lakeview and Lakeshore neighborhood, and into Lake Pontchartrain. It is part of the system used to pump rain water out of the streets of the city into the Lake. The Canal has also been known as the Orleans Avenue Canal, the Orleans Outfall Canal, the Orleans Tail Race, and early on, the Girod Canal,

Title: Southern Railway Terminal (New Orleans)

The Southern Railway Terminal, originally officially "New Orleans Terminal", in New Orleans was constructed by the Southern Railway in 1908 on the neutral ground of Basin Street at the intersection of Canal Street. The building was designed by Daniel Burnham, who was also the architect for the Union Station in Washington D.C. The station also served the New Orleans and Northeastern Railroad and the New Orleans Terminal Company.

Title: 16th Ward of New Orleans

The 16th Ward or Sixteenth Ward is a division of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans. New Orleans Districts and Wards. It is an Uptown ward, along with the adjacent 17th Ward formerly part of the city of Carrollton, Louisiana, annexed by New Orleans in the 1870s. The Ward stretches inland from the Mississippi River, with the upper boundary being Carrollton Avenue, across which is the 17th Ward, and the lower being Lowerline Street, across which is the 14th Ward. The back boundary was the New Basin Canal, now part of the route of I-10.

Title: Canal Streetcar Line

The Canal Streetcar line is a historic streetcar line in New Orleans, Louisiana. It is operated by the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA). It originally operated from 1861 to 1964. It was redesigned and rebuilt between 2000 and 2004, and operation was reinstated in 2004 after a 40-year hiatus. Primarily running along its namesake street, Canal Street, it consists of two branches named for their outer terminals, totaling about 5+1/2 mi in length: "Canal - Cemeteries" (officially designated as Route 47) and "Canal - City Park/Museum" (officially designated as Route 48). Each branch is denoted with the red and light green colors respectively on most RTA publications.

Title: Pokémon universe

The Pokémon universe is a fictional continuity construct that exists in stories and works of fiction by video game company Game Freak. The concept of the "Pokémon" universe, in both the video games and the general nonfictional world of "Pokémon", stems from the hobby of insect collecting, a popular pastime which "Pokémon" executive director Satoshi Tajiri-Oniwa enjoyed as a child. Players of the games are designated as Pokémon Trainers, and the two general goals (in most Pokémon games) for such Trainers are: to complete the Pokédex by collecting all of the available Pokémon species found in the fictional region where that game takes place; and to train a team of powerful Pokémon from those they have caught to compete against teams owned by other Trainers, and eventually become the strongest Trainer: the Pokémon Master. These themes of collecting, training, and battling are present in almost every version of the Pokémon franchise, including the video games, the anime and manga series, and the Pokémon Trading Card Game.

Title: Pete Hill

John Preston "Pete" Hill (October 12, 1882 – December 19, 1951) was an American outfielder and manager in baseball's Negro leagues from 1899 to 1925. He played for the Philadelphia Giants, Leland Giants, Chicago American Giants, Detroit Stars, Milwaukee Bears, and Baltimore Black Sox. Hill starred for teams owned by Negro league executive Rube Foster for much of his playing career.

Title: RSPORTS

RSPORTS was an auto racing team that competed in the Champ Car World Series. It was founded officially in 2007 as a technological partnership, but started out originally as two different teams owned by former race car drivers Carl Russo, who owned RuSPORT, and Paul Gentilozzi who founded Rocketsports.

Title: Robert Kraft

Robert Kenneth Kraft (born June 5, 1941) is an American businessman. He is the chairman and chief executive officer of the Kraft Group, a diversified holding company with assets in paper and packaging, sports and entertainment, real estate development and a private equity portfolio. His sports holdings include: the National Football League's New England Patriots, Major League Soccer's New England Revolution and the stadium in which both teams play, Gillette Stadium.

Title: Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions (2015)

The Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions were a professional volleyball team in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL). It was one of two teams owned by Federated Distributors, Inc. and was the second team to play under the name "Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions". The original Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions was renamed Philips Gold Lady Slammers in 2015.

Title: 1926 American Football League season

The 1926 American Football League season is the only season of the existence of the first American Football League. It started with nine teams, with the initial game of the season being played in front of 22,000 fans in Cleveland, Ohio, but by the end of the season (December 14, 1926), only four teams were still in existence: three teams owned or subsidized by league founder C. C. Pyle and star Red Grange (New York Yankees, Los Angeles Wildcats, and Chicago Bulls) and league champion Philadelphia Quakers. The initial lineup of teams included the traveling Wildcats and a charter member of the National Football League, the Rock Island Independents, which became a second traveling team after having poor attendance in its first three games.

Title: Crispa 400

Crispa 400 was the name of two amateur basketball teams owned by P. Floro and Sons, Inc. that played in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association (MICAA) from 1977 to 1981 and the Philippine Basketball League (PBL) from 1989 to 1992, respectively.

Title: Canadian Premier League

The Canadian Premier League is a proposed fully professional, FIFA-sanctioned soccer league expected to begin play as early as 2018. Six to eight teams owned and operated, at least in part, by a mix of NHL and CFL ownership groups are expected to initially compete in the league. The league's focus will be to fully "Canadianize" itself to improve talent and the sport in Canada. It was officially sanctioned by the Canadian Soccer Association on May 6, 2017, with a launch date of 2018. It is expected to be headquartered in Hamilton, Ontario.

Title: PLDT Volleyball Club

The PLDT Home TVolution Power Attackers (women's) and the PLDT Home Telpad-Air Force Turbo Boosters (men's) were professional volleyball teams owned by PLDT that played in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL) from 2013 to 2014. The club was first known as PLDT myDSL Speed Boosters.

Title: Myra Kraft

Myra Hiatt Kraft ("née" Myra Nathalie Hiatt; December 27, 1942 – July 20, 2011) was an American philanthropist and the wife of New England Patriots and New England Revolution owner Robert Kraft.

Title: David Lucas (composer)

David Lucas (born David Helfman April 21, 1937) is an American rock and roll composer, singer, and music producer. He has written a number of commercial jingles, such as AT&T's "Reach Out and Touch Someone." In 1981, he received a Clio Award for composing the music to Pepsi's "Catch That Pepsi Spirit." As a record producer, he worked with many new artists such as Blue Öyster Cult. On the 1976 Blue Öyster Cult song "Don't Fear the Reaper" which he co-produced, Lucas sang backup vocals and came up with the idea for using a cowbell, parodied by Christopher Walken in the "More cowbell" skit on "Saturday Night Live". In June 2011, Lucas was inducted into Buffalo's Music Hall of Fame.

Title: Blue Öyster Cult

Blue Öyster Cult (often abbreviated BÖC) is an American hard rock band formed on Long Island, New York, in 1967, whose most successful work includes the hard rock and heavy metal songs "(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Godzilla" and "Burnin' for You". Blue Öyster Cult has sold over 24 million records worldwide, including 7 million records in the United States alone. The band's music videos, especially "Burnin' for You", received heavy rotation on MTV when the music television network premiered in 1981, cementing the band's contribution to the development and success of the music video in modern popular culture.

Title: Godzilla (song)

"Godzilla" is a song by Blue Öyster Cult from their fifth album, "Spectres". The lyrics are a tongue-in-cheek tribute to the popular movie monster of the same name. The song is, along with "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" and "Burnin' for You", one of Blue Öyster Cult's best known songs and has become a staple of their live performances. It has been covered by bands such as Racer X, Fu Manchu, The Smashing Pumpkins, Sebastian Bach and Fighting Gravity.

Title: Imaginos

Imaginos is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult (commonly shortened as BÖC). It was released in 1988, and was their last recording with their original record label, CBS/Columbia Records. The album took nearly eight years to complete and was originally intended to be the first in a trilogy of solo albums by Blue Öyster Cult drummer and songwriter Albert Bouchard. Bouchard was fired in August 1981, and CBS rejected the album in 1984, but a re-worked version was eventually published as a product of the band. Many musicians contributed to the project over this eight-year span, including Joe Satriani and Doors guitarist Robby Krieger, but some band members were barely involved in the recording process. Thus, "Imaginos" is often considered more as a project of producer and lyricist Sandy Pearlman than as a true album of the band.

Title: Fu Manchu (band)

Fu Manchu is an American, Southern California-based stoner rock band that formed in 1985.

Title: Some Enchanted Evening (Blue Öyster Cult album)

Some Enchanted Evening is the second live album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in September 1978 (see 1978 in music). It is Blue Öyster Cult's best selling album, having sold two million copies, including over a million in the United States. The album's seven original tracks were recorded at various locations in the United States and England.

Title: Blue Öyster Cult (album)

Blue Öyster Cult is the eponymous debut studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released on January 16, 1972 by Columbia Records. The album featured songs such as "Cities on Flame with Rock and Roll", "Stairway to the Stars", and "Then Came the Last Days of May", all of which the band still plays regularly during its concerts. Despite positive reviews, the album failed to chart for some time before finally cracking the "Billboard" 200 chart on May 20, 1972, peaking at No. 172. Blue Öyster Cult toured with artists such as The Byrds, Alice Cooper and the Mahavishnu Orchestra to support the album.

Title: Mirrors (Blue Öyster Cult album)

Mirrors is the sixth studio album by Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1979. "Mirrors" is the first Blue Öyster Cult album not produced by long-time producer and manager Sandy Pearlman. The album is notable for a collaboration with British fantasy/science-fiction author Michael Moorcock, who co-wrote a song based on his novel "The Fireclown". "The Great Sun Jester" is the first of several Moorcock co-writing credits with the band.

Title: Black Blade (song)

"Black Blade" is a song by American rock band Blue Öyster Cult. The lyrics were written by Eric Bloom and British science fiction writer Michael Moorcock from the viewpoint of Elric, Moorcock's most famous character. Elric wields a sentient, soul-sucking sword named Stormbringer. Aside from a set of cryptic, blood-red runes on the blade, the sword is black, hence the name "Black Blade". The music was jointly composed by Eric Bloom, lead singer of Blue Öyster Cult, and bass-player John Trivers. The song was featured in the Blue Öyster Cult album "Cultösaurus Erectus." When Bloom was asked how he got in touch with Moorcock for the song he claims, "I went out of my way to send him a Fan Boy letter. He was living in England, and he came over to America, to meet with his publisher. He said, “Let's get together.” We got together, and bonded, and he started sending me lyrics. That is how "Black Blade," "Veteran of Psychic Wars" and "Great Sun Jester" happened.

Title: The Essential Blue Öyster Cult

The Essential Blue Öyster Cult is a compilation album by the hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 2003 as part of Sony BMG's "Essential" series. An expanded edition of the album, with different cover, was released in 2012, based from 1995 compilation "Workshop of the Telescopes".

Title: Joe Wizan

Joe Wizan (January 7, 1935 – March 21, 2011) was an American film producer and studio executive. He was head of 20th Century Fox's motion picture division from 1983 to 1984. His credits as a producer or executive producer include "Jeremiah Johnson", "Junior Bonner", "The Last American Hero", "Audrey Rose" , " And Justice for All", Along Came a Spider and Dark Night of the Scarecrow". Wizan died on March 21, 2011 at an assisted-living facility in Westlake Village, California. He was 76.

Title: Connie Tavel

Connie Tavel is an American television and film executive producer and talent manager. She is partners with Helen Hunt in Hunt/Tavel Productions, and with Tim Johnson in Tavel/Johnson Television. She has served as executive producer on films such as "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", "Fever", and "The Wishing Tree", as well as television movies such as "Ride with the Wind" and "Summer's End". She also produced an episode of the television series "Judging Amy", which she is credited as a co-creator.

Title: Proud Mary (film)

Proud Mary is an upcoming American action-thriller directed by Babak Najafi, from a screenplay written by John S. Newman and Christian Swegal. The film will star Taraji P. Henson, Billy Brown, Danny Glover, Neal McDonough, Xander Berkeley, and Margaret Avery. The film will be released on January 12, 2018 by Screen Gems.

Title: Toby Emmerich

Toby Emmerich (born February 8, 1963) is an American producer, film executive, and screenwriter. He was born in New York City, the son of Constance (née Marantz), a concert pianist, and André Emmerich (1924–2007), a Frankfurt-born gallery owner and art dealer. He has been producer or executive producer of over 50 films, and he also wrote the screenplays to the films "Frequency" and "The Last Mimzy", among other screenplays. After serving as president of production at New Line Cinema, Emmerich became president and chief operating officer of New Line on March 18, 2008, then in 2017, he became President and Chief Content Officer of the Warner Bros. Pictures Group. He was also the executive music producer of the films "Menace II Society" and "Above The Rim".

Title: Dete Meserve

Dete Meserve is an award-winning and bestselling author as well as film and television executive and a principal of Wind Dancer Films. Wind Dancer Films is best known as the creators and producers of Home Improvement starring Tim Allen, What Women Want starring Helen Hunt and Mel Gibson, Where The Heart Is starring Natalie Portman. Meserve's credits include producing Bernie starring Jack Black, Shirley MacLaine and Matthew McConaughey, executive producer of Walker Payne starring Sam Shepard and Jason Patric, executive producer of the TV series Wildest Africa for Discovery International, executive producer of As Cool As I Am, starring Claire Danes and James Marsden. In 2014, she was an executive producer of the George Lopez sitcom, "Saint George," and producer of the thriller, The Keeping Room starring Sam Worthington, Hailee Steinfeld and Brit Marling. She is currently an Executive Producer of the hit kids television series Ready Jet Go on PBSKids.

Title: Easy Money II: Hard to Kill

Easy Money II: Hard to Kill (Swedish: "Snabba Cash II" ) is a Swedish thriller film directed by Babak Najafi that was released on 17 August 2012. The film is a sequel to the 2010 film "Easy Money", and is based on Jens Lapidus' books "Easy Money" and "Aldrig fucka upp". It's the second part in a trilogy, and is followed by "" (2013). The screenplay is written by Peter Birro and Maria Karlsson.

Title: Zygi Kamasa

Zygi Kamasa (born 12 November 1969) is a Swedish-British entertainment studio executive and film executive producer. He currently serves as CEO of Lionsgate UK & Europe and was the Executive Producer for Brooklyn, Eddie the Eagle, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, The Railway Man and London Has Fallen.

Title: No Code of Conduct

No Code of Conduct is a 1998 action crime thriller film directed by Bret Michaels. The film stars Charlie Sheen, and Martin Sheen as father-and-son vice unit detectives, along with Mark Dacascos who portrays Charlie Sheen's partner. The film was released as a direct-to-video feature in some countries, including: Australia, Sweden, Japan, the Czech Republic, Argentina, Brazil, Azerbaijan, Russia and Turkey. Bret Michaels is credited as Director, Screenwriter, Composer (Music Score), Actor and Executive Producer. Charlie Sheen's credits in this release include Actor, Screenwriter and Executive Producer.

Title: Scott Rosenbaum

Scott Rosenbaum is a film and television screenwriter, producer, and showrunner. Scott recently served as the Executive Producer and Showrunner of ABC’s science fiction drama "V" and Fox’s crime drama "Gang Related". Previously, he was an Executive Producer on NBC's "Chuck" and an Executive Producer on FX’s award-winning drama "The Shield". As an original member of the show's writing staff, Rosenbaum has won numerous awards for his achievements on "The Shield" including a Golden Globe for Best Drama, an American Film Institute Award for Best Television Drama as well as the prestigious George Foster Peabody Award. He is currently the executive producer and showrunner of "Queen of the South" for USA Network.

Title: London Has Fallen

London Has Fallen is a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Babak Najafi and written by Creighton Rothenberger, Katrin Benedikt, Chad St. John and Christian Gudegast. It is a sequel to Antoine Fuqua's 2013 film "Olympus Has Fallen" and stars Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman, with Alon Moni Aboutboul, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Jackie Earle Haley, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell, Sean O'Bryan, Waleed Zuaiter and Charlotte Riley in supporting roles. It is the second installment in the "Has Fallen" film series.

Title: Jane Alexander

Jane Alexander (born October 28, 1939) is an American author, actress and former director of the National Endowment for the Arts. She is a Tony Award winner and two-time Emmy Award winner.

Title: Rafael Bello

Rafael Emilio Bello Castro, known professionally as Rafael Bello (pronounced Rafael "BE-YO"), is a Dominican television and radio personality based in New York City. Bello, a two-time Emmy award winner, currently serves as the Weather and Entertainment Anchor in "Al Despertar", WXTV WXTV-DT Univision 41 Nueva York' early morning newscast. Bello formerly served as the Traffic and Entertainment Anchor on WNJU Telemundo 47 in "Noticiero 47 Primera Edicion" and also hosted feature and entertainment segments including his Emmy Award winner for best entertainment segment under the name "Pa la Calle con Rafa".

Title: Chuck Versus the Role Models

"Chuck Versus the Role Models" is episode 15 of the third season of "Chuck". Chuck and Sarah are assigned to train under Craig and Laura Turner (Fred Willard and Swoosie Kurtz), a married CIA team who, despite their impeccable record, hate one another. The Turners' stormy relationship forces Chuck and Sarah to wonder if they're doomed with the same fate. Meanwhile, Casey must train the newest member of the team - Morgan.

Title: Patti LuPone

Patti Ann LuPone (born April 21, 1949) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals. She is a two-time Grammy Award winner and a two-time Tony Award winner. She is also a 2006 American Theater Hall of Fame inductee.

Title: John Carrafa

John Carrafa is an American theater and film director/choreographer best known as the two-time Tony Award nominated choreographer of the Broadway musicals "Urinetown" and "Into The Woods" and the Media Choreography Honors Award winner for the Robert Zemeckis film "The Polar Express".

Title: Serializer

serializer.net was an online artist collective that was active from 2002 to 2012. Serializer included many well-known award-winning alternative artists like Tom Hart (Xeric Award winner), Eric Millikin (Pulitzer Prize winner), Shaenon K. Garrity (Lulu Award winner), James Kochalka (Eisner Award winner), Dean Haspiel (Emmy Award winner), Howard Cruse (Prix de la critique winner), Chris Onstad (Ignatz Award winner), Nick Bertozzi (Harvey Award winner), and Jen Sorenson (Herblock Prize winner). Each artist created, and sometimes collaborated on, serialized webcomics.

Title: Rich Moore

Rich Moore (born May 10, 1963) is an American film and television animation director, screenwriter, voice actor, and a creative partner at both Rough Draft Studios and Walt Disney Animation Studios. He is best known for his work on the animated television shows "The Simpsons", "The Critic," and "Futurama", and for directing the Disney animated film "Wreck-It Ralph" (2012) and co-directing "Zootopia" (2016). He is a two-time Emmy Award winner, a three-time Annie Award winner, and an Academy Award winner.

Title: Swoosie Kurtz

Swoosie Kurtz ( , ; born September 6, 1944) is an American actress. She is an Emmy Award winner and two-time Tony Award winner.

Title: Paul Haggis

Paul Edward Haggis (born March 10, 1953) is a Canadian screenwriter, producer, and director of film and television. He is best known as screenwriter and producer for consecutive Best Picture Oscar winners: "Million Dollar Baby" (2004) and "Crash" (2005), the latter of which he also directed. He is the creator of the television series "Due South" and the co-creator of "Walker, Texas Ranger". He is a two-time Academy Award winner, two-time Emmy Award winner, and seven-time Gemini Award winner.

Title: Christian Borle

Christian Dominique Borle (born October 1, 1973) is an American actor in theatre, television, and film. He is a two-time Tony Award winner for his roles as Black Stache in "Peter and the Starcatcher" and as William Shakespeare in "Something Rotten! ". Borle originated the role of Emmett in "Legally Blonde" on Broadway , as Tom Levitt on the NBC musical-drama television series "Smash" and as Marvin in the 2016 Broadway revival of "Falsettos".

Title: Rainbow Terrace

Rainbow Terrace, now known as Lullwater Estate, is the Mediterranean-style Atlanta mansion built for Lucy Beall Candler Owens Heinz (1882–1962), daughter of Coca-Cola co-founder Asa Griggs Candler. The architect was G. Lloyd Preacher, the architect of Atlanta City Hall. It is located at what is now 1610 Ponce de Leon Avenue in the Druid Hills Historic District.

Title: Antonio Villaraigosa

Antonio Ramón Villaraigosa ( ; born Antonio Ramón Villar Jr.; January 23, 1953) is an American politician who was the 41st Mayor of Los Angeles, California, from 2005 to 2013. Before becoming mayor, he was a member of the California State Assembly (1994–2000), where he served as the Democratic leader of the Assembly (1996–98), and the Speaker of the California State Assembly (1998–2000).

Title: William B. Hartsfield

William Berry Hartsfield, Sr. (March 1, 1890 – February 22, 1971), was an American politician who served as the 49th and 51st Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. His tenure extended from 1937 to 1941 and again from 1942 to 1962, making him the longest-serving mayor of his native Atlanta, Georgia.

Title: Glen Murray (politician)

Glen R. Murray (born October 26, 1957) is a Canadian politician and urban issues advocate. He served as the 41st Mayor of Winnipeg, Manitoba from 1998 to 2004, and was the first openly gay mayor of a large North American city. He subsequently moved to Toronto, Ontario, and was elected to the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for Toronto Centre in 2010, serving until 2017.

Title: Robert Maddox

Robert Foster Maddox (April 4, 1870 – 1965) was the 41st Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia.

Title: Albert Hofstede

Albert "Al" J. Hofstede (September 25, 1940 – September 3, 2016) was an American politician who served two non-consecutive terms as mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota, both times representing the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. His first term, as the 41st mayor, began on January 1, 1974 and ended on December 31, 1975. He was defeated by independent Charles Stenvig, who himself was serving a second term. Hofstede, however, won another term (the 43rd) beginning January 1, 1978 and finishing December 31, 1979.

Title: San Francisco mayoral election, 1995

The 1995 San Francisco mayoral election was held on November 7, 1995, with a runoff election held on December 12, 1995. Former Speaker of the California State Assembly Willie Brown defeated incumbent mayor Frank Jordan in a runoff election to become the 41st Mayor of San Francisco.

Title: Harold Washington

Harold Lee Washington (April 15, 1922 – November 25, 1987) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of Illinois who was elected as the 41st Mayor of Chicago. Washington was noted as the first African–American to be elected as mayor of Chicago in February 1983. Washington served as mayor from April 29, 1983 until his death on November 25, 1987. Washington was also a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from January 1981 until beginning his tenure as Chicago mayor in April 1983, representing the Illinois first district. Prior to his time as a member of the House of Representatives, Washington previously served in the Illinois State Senate and the Illinois House of Representatives from 1965 until 1976.

Title: Asa Griggs Candler

Asa Griggs Candler (December 30, 1851 – March 12, 1929) was an American business tycoon who founded the Coca-Cola Company. He also served as the 41st Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia from 1916 to 1919. Candler Field, the site of the present-day Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, was named after him, as is Candler Park in Atlanta.

Title: Phil Amicone

Philip A. Amicone (born March 30, 1949) was the 41st Mayor of Yonkers, New York. He took office on January 1, 2004, after serving eight years as Deputy Mayor.

Title: Gupta script

The Gupta script (sometimes referred to as Gupta Brahmi Script or Late Brahmi Script) was used for writing Sanskrit and is associated with the Gupta Empire of India which was a period of material prosperity and great religious and scientific developments. The Gupta script was descended from Brahmi and gave rise to the Nāgarī, Sharada and Siddham scripts. These scripts in turn gave rise to many of the most important scripts of India, including Devanagari (the most common script used for writing Sanskrit since the 19th century), the Gurmukhi script for Punjabi Language, the Bengali-Assamese script, and the Tibetan script.

Title: Coptic alphabet

The Coptic alphabet is the script used for writing the Coptic language. The repertoire of glyphs is based on the Greek alphabet augmented by letters borrowed from the Egyptian Demotic and is the first alphabetic script used for the Egyptian language. There are several Coptic alphabets, as the Coptic writing system may vary greatly among the various dialects and subdialects of the Coptic language.

Title: Modi alphabet

Modi (Marathi: मोडी , Mōḍī , ] ) is a script used to write the Marathi language, which is the primary language spoken in the state of Maharashtra, India. There are at least two different theories concerning its origin. Modi was an official script used to write Marathi until the 20th century when the Balbodh style of the Devanagari script was promoted as the standard writing system for Marathi. Although Modi was primarily used to write Marathi, other languages such as Urdu, Kannada, Gujarati, Rajasthani, Hindi is also known to have been written in Modi.

Title: Southeastern Iberian script

The southeastern Iberian script, also known as Meridional Iberian, was one of the means of written expression of the Iberian language, which was written mainly in the northeastern Iberian script and residually by the Greco-Iberian alphabet. About the relation between northeastern Iberian and southeastern Iberian scripts, it is necessary to point out that they are two different scripts with different values for the same signs; however it is clear that they had a common origin and the most accepted hypothesis is that northeastern Iberian script derives from southeastern Iberian script. In fact, the southeastern Iberian script is very similar, both considering the shape of the signs or their values, to the Southwestern script used to represent an unknown language usually named Tartessian. The main difference is that southeastern Iberian script doesn’t show the vocalic redundancy of the syllabic signs. Unlike the northeastern Iberian script the decipherment of the southeastern Iberian script is not yet complete, because there are a significant number of signs on which scholars have not yet reached a consensus. Despite it is believed that unlike the northeastern Iberian script the southeastern Iberian script doesn’t show any system to differentiate between voiced and unvoiced occlusives, a recent paper (Ferrer i Jané 2010) defends the existence of a dual system also in the southeastern Iberian script.

Title: Balbodh

Balbodh (Marathi: बाळबोध , bāḷabōdha , ] , Translation: Understood by Children) is a slightly modified style of the Devanagari script used to write the Marathi language and the Korku language. What sets Balbodh apart from the Devananagari script used for other languages is the more frequent and regular use of both ळ /ɭ/ (retroflex lateral approximant) and र्‍ (called the eyelash reph/raphar).

Title: Hebrew alphabet

The Hebrew alphabet (Hebrew: אָלֶף־בֵּית עִבְרִי‎ , "Alefbet Ivri "), known variously by scholars as the Jewish script, square script and block script, is an abjad script used in the writing of the Hebrew language, also adapted as an alphabet script in the writing of other Jewish languages, most notably in Yiddish (lit. "Jewish" for Judeo-German), Djudío (lit. "Jewish" for Judeo-Spanish), and Judeo-Arabic. Historically, there have been two separate abjad scripts to write Hebrew. The original, old Hebrew script, is known as the paleo-Hebrew alphabet (which has been largely preserved, in an altered form, in the Samaritan alphabet), while the present "Jewish script" or "square script" to write Hebrew is a stylized form of the Aramaic alphabet and was known by Jewish sages as the Ashuri alphabet (lit. "Assyrian"), since its origins were alleged to be from Assyria. Various "styles" (in current terms, "fonts") of representation of the Jewish script letters described in this article also exist, as well as a cursive form which has also varied over time and place, and today is referred to as cursive Hebrew. In the remainder of this article, the term "Hebrew alphabet" refers to the Jewish square script unless otherwise indicated.

Title: Elbasan alphabet

The Elbasan script is a mid 18th-century alphabetic script used for the Albanian language. It was named after the city of Elbasan, where it was invented, and was used mainly in the area of Elbasan and Berat, and is the oldest original script used to write Albanian.

Title: Siddhaṃ script

Siddhaṃ , also known in its later evolved form as Siddhamātṛkā, is the name of a script used for writing Sanskrit from c. 550 – c. 1200. It is descended from the Brahmi script via the Gupta script and later evolved into the Assamese alphabet, the Bengali alphabet, and the Tibetan alphabet. There is some confusion over the spelling: "Siddhāṃ " and "Siddhaṃ " are both common, though "Siddhaṃ " is preferred as "correct". The script is a refinement of the script used during the Gupta Empire.

Title: Cuneiform script

Cuneiform script ( or or ), one of the earliest systems of writing, was invented by the Sumerians. It is distinguished by its wedge-shaped marks on clay tablets, made by means of a blunt reed for a stylus. The name "cuneiform" itself simply means "wedge shaped".

Title: Autograph (Assyriology)

An autograph in Assyriology is the hand-copy of a cuneiform clay-tablet. Producing an autograph is often the first step of a tablet's archaeological interpretation and the autograph is frequently the authoritative form that is published as source material. Autographing the text is followed by transliteration, transcription and translation.

Title: Azerbaijanis

Azerbaijanis ( ) or Azeris (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycanlılar" آذربایجانلیلار, "Azərilər" آذریلر), also known as Azerbaijani Turks (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycan türkləri" آذربایجان تورکلری), are a Turkic ethnic group living mainly in Iranian Azerbaijan and the independent Republic of Azerbaijan. They are the second-most numerous ethnic group among the Turkic peoples after Anatolian Turks. They are predominantly Shi'i Muslims, and have a mixed cultural heritage, including Turkic, Iranian, and Caucasian elements. They comprise the largest ethnic group in Republic of Azerbaijan and by far the second-largest ethnic group in neighboring Iran. The world's largest number of ethnic Azerbaijanis live in Iran, followed by Azerbaijan.

Title: Mandinka people

The Mandinka (also known as Mandenka, Mandinko, Mandingo, Manding or Malinke) are a West African ethnic group with an estimated global population of 11 million (the other three largest ethnic groups in West Africa being the unrelated Fula, Hausa and Songhai peoples). The Mandinka are the descendants of the Mali Empire, which rose to power in the 13th century under the rule of the Malinké/Maninka king Sundiata Keita.

Title: Han Chinese

The Han Chinese, Han people or simply Han ( ; ] ; Han characters: 漢人 (Mandarin pinyin: "Hànrén"; literally "Han people") or 漢族 (pinyin: "Hànzú"; literally "Han ethnicity" or "Han ethnic group")) are an East Asian ethnic group. They constitute approximately 92% of the population of China, 95% of Taiwan (Han Taiwanese), 76% of Singapore, 23% of Malaysia and about 17% of the global population, making them the world's largest ethnic group with over 1.3 billion people.

Title: Ewe people

The Ewe people (Ewe: "Eʋeawó" , lit. "Ewe people"; or " Eʋedukɔ́ ", lit. "Ewe nation","Eʋenyigba" Eweland;) are an African ethnic group. They are the largest ethnic group in Togo (32%), the third largest ethnic group in Ghana (14%), and are a minority ethnic group in southern Benin, Ivory Coast and Nigeria. They speak the Ewe language (Ewe: "Eʋegbe" ) which belongs to the Niger-Congo family of languages. They are related to other speakers of Gbe languages, such as, the Fon, Gen, Phla Phera, and the Aja people of Togo and Benin.

Title: Princess Fragrant

Princess Fragrant () is a Chinese 3-D cartoon series directed by Deng Jianglei and produced by the Shenzhen Qianheng Cultural Communication Company (). Its basis is the Fragrant Concubine, a Chinese legend about a Uighur girl from Kashgar who became a concubine of the Qianlong Emperor. The cartoon was produced to improve relations between the Han Chinese and the Uighurs. The series, which will be available in the Mandarin and Uighur languages, is scheduled to have 104 episodes. It will begin airing in 2015.

Title: Muslim population growth

Muslim population growth refers to the topic of population growth of the global Muslim community. In 2006, countries with a Muslim majority had an average population growth rate of 1.8% per year (when weighted by percentage Muslim and population size). This compares with a world population growth rate of 1.1% per year. As of 2011, it is predicted that the world's Muslim population will grow twice as fast as non-Muslims over the next 20 years. By 2030, Muslims will make up more than a quarter of the global population.

Title: Fezara people

Fezara is an ethnic group of Sudan, who emigrated from Arabia to Egypt, and then to Sudan. The number of persons in this ethnic group is about 200,000. Most members of this ethnic group are Muslims. This ethnic group speaks Sudanese Arabic.

Title: Harvard Foundation

The Harvard Foundation for Intercultural and Race Relations was founded in 1981 by the President and Deans of Harvard University to improve relations among racial and ethnic groups at the University. The Harvard Foundation sponsors activities to promote interracial and intercultural awareness in the Harvard community that range from student-led discussions on issues regarding diversity to ceremonies that highlight the multicultural contributions of people within and beyond Harvard. The current and founding director of the Foundation is Dr. S. Allen Counter, who leads an administrative coordinator, a programming fellow, and a team of student interns.

Title: Jack Goldstone

Jack A. Goldstone (born September 30, 1953) is an American sociologist and political scientist, specializing in studies of social movements, revolutions, political demography, and international politics. He is an author or editor of 13 books and over 140 research articles. He is recognized as one of the leading authorities on the study of revolutions and long-term social change. His work has made foundational contributions to the fields of cliodynamics, economic history and political demography. He was the first scholar to describe in detail and document the long-term cyclical relationship between global population cycles and cycles of political rebellion and revolution. He was also a core member of the “California school” in world history, which replaced the standard view of a dynamic West and stagnant East with a ‘late divergence’ model in which Eastern and Western civilizations underwent similar political and economic cycles until the 18th century, when Europe achieved the technical breakthroughs of industrialization. He is also one of the founding fathers of the emerging field of political demography, studying the impact of local, regional, and global population trends on international security and national politics.

Title: Oku people (Sierra Leone)

The Oku people, also commonly known as Oku Mohammedans or "Aku Mohammedans"in Sierra Leone and as the "Aku Marabou" or "Oku Marabou" in the Gambia, are an ethnic group in Sierra Leone and the Gambia. The Oku people are the descendants of liberated Africans of Yoruba descent from Southwest Nigeria who were liberated or came to Sierra Leone as settlers in the mid 19th century and formed a distinctive ethnic group The Oku are virtually all Muslims and are known for their conservative muslim population. The British colonial government provided official recognition to the Oku Mohammedan community as a distinctive community in Sierra Leone. Although the Sierra Leone government officially considered the Oku people as members of the Creole ethnic group, many Sierra Leoneans consider the Oku people as a distinctive ethnic group.

Title: Manifesto Records (UK)

Manifesto Records was a UK based dance music record sub label of Mercury Records which focused on dance music across all genres. The label began operations in 1995 with the first release being a remix of Donna Summer's "I Feel Love" (in which they got Summer to re-record vocals as the original masters had been lost in a fire). The label had 13 Top 10 hits before being wound down in 2002 (a move partially brought about to "bottle the labels unique period because of its unprecedented success"). The label was briefly resurrected by Mercury between 2004 - 2006. The label was set up and headed by Eddie Gordon and Luke Neville who recruited Judge Jules as A&R. Jules would recruit Luke Neville. Ben Cherrill (who would later move to Positiva Records in 2001) also had an active role at the label, joining in 1998. Notable acts on the label included Todd Terry, Josh Wink, Byron Stingley, The Space Brothers, Yomanda and York. In 2000 the label set up a short lived subsidiary M-->Bargo.

Title: David L. Boren

David Lyle Boren (born April 21, 1941) is an American university administrator and politician from the state of Oklahoma. A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 21st governor of Oklahoma from 1975 to 1979 and in the United States Senate from 1979 to 1994. He is currently the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma. He was the longest serving chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. David Boren officially announced his retirement as president of the University of Oklahoma, effective June 30, 2018.

Title: Allen Williamson

Allen Williamson (fl. c. 1970) is a former Oklahoma politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1966 to 1974. He is related to James Allen Williamson, an Oklahoma State Senator elected in 1996.

Title: H. E. Bailey

Harry E. Bailey (died October 26, 1976) was an Oklahoma politician who was instrumental in the growth of the Oklahoma turnpike system.

Title: Boren-McCurdy proposals

The Boren-McCurdy intelligence reform proposals are two legislative proposals from Senator David Boren and Representative David McCurdy in 1992 (102nd Congress). Both pieces of legislation propose the creation of a National Intelligence Director. Neither bill passed into law.

Title: Cripps' mission

The Cripps mission was an attempt in late March 1942 by the British government to secure full Indian cooperation and support for their efforts in World War II. The mission was headed by Sir Stafford Cripps, a senior left-wing politician and government minister in the War Cabinet of Prime Minister Winston Churchill. Cripps was sent to negotiate an agreement with the nationalist leaders, speaking for the majority Hindu population, and Muhammad Ali Jinnah, speaking for the minority Muslim population. Cripps worked to keep India loyal to the British war effort in exchange for a promise of full self-government after the war. Cripps promised to give dominion status after the war as well as elections to be held after the war. Cripps discussed the proposals with the Indian leaders and published them. Both the major parties, the Congress and the League rejected his proposals and the mission proved a failure. Cripps had designed the proposals himself, but they were too radical for both Churchill and the Indians; no middle way was found. Congress moved towards the Quit India movement whereby it refused to cooperate in the war effort, while the British imprisoned practically the entire Congress leadership for the duration of the war. Jinnah was pleased to see that the right to opt out of a future Union was included.

Title: Mabel Bassett

Mabel Luella Bourne Bassett (August 16, 1876 – 1953) was a Democratic Oklahoma politician who served as the state's Commissioner of Charities and Corrections from 1923 until 1947. Born in Chicago, Bassett lived in St. Louis before moving to Sapulpa, Oklahoma in 1902. Prior to seeking political office, she founded the Creek County Humane Society, one of the first humane societies in Oklahoma. Once in office, Bassett was responsible for establishing a women's unit of the Oklahoma State Penitentiary and transferring African-American juvenile delinquents from the state penitentiary to a training school in Boley. Bassett also campaigned for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1932; however, she lost to fellow Democrat Will Rogers. Buck Cook replaced Bassett as Commissioner of Charities and Corrections in 1947, at which point Bassett retired from politics. Upon her death in 1953, she lay in state in the Oklahoma State Capitol.

Title: 13th Oklahoma Legislature

The Thirteenth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives. The state legislature met in Oklahoma City, in regular session from January 6 to April 11, 1931, during the term of Governor William H. Murray. Murray, a former House speaker, helped Wilburton editor Carlton Weaver become Speaker; both were members of the constitutional convention. Despite his political maneuvering, the governor found opposition to many of his proposals. The session marked the first instance that redistricting was done outside of constitutional requirements.

Title: 15th Oklahoma Legislature

The Fifteenth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives. The state legislature met from January 8 to April 30, 1935, during the term of Governor E.W. Marland. Marland influenced the selection of Leon C. Phillips for Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives. Phillips had been an opponent of Governor William H. Murray's proposals. Phillips also opposed many of Marland's proposals.

Title: Cowboy Pink Williams

Cowboy Pink Williams, born Simeon Pinckney Williams (April 9, 1892 – April 1, 1976), was an Oklahoma politician who was the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma from 1955 to 1959 and Oklahoma State Treasurer from 1963 to 1967.

Title: Kings County Museum (Hampton, New Brunswick)

The Kings County Museum is located in Hampton, New Brunswick and is run by the Kings County Historical and Archival Society, housed in the Centennial Building, with displays also in the old Kings County gaol next door. Late in 1966, with the approach of the Centennial Year, an agreement was made between the Kings County Historical Society, the Municipality of Kings County, and the New Brunswick Centennial Administration to have space for a Museum in the new County Centennial Building in Hampton. The official opening of the Kings County Museum was on June 1, 1968. The museum is home to many artifacts and historical items from Kings County's past, and the main exhibit room is changed to display new artifacts every two (almost consistent) years. Being open for 50+ years, the museum has accumulated an overwhelming amount of artifacts – all with a unique backgrounds involving Kings County. The museum is open in the summertime and certain hours in the wintertime to the public for tours of the exhibit and the old gaol. Guests can explore the many different books and stories about Kings County history that are for sale, and the museum also offers genealogy research. It holds documentations of many place histories in Kings County, family genealogies and more.

Title: Fernbank Museum of Natural History

Fernbank Museum of Natural History, in Atlanta, is a museum that presents exhibitions and programming about natural history that are meant to entertain as well as educate the public. Its mission is to encourage a greater appreciation of the planet and its people. Fernbank Museum has a number of permanent exhibitions and regularly hosts temporary exhibitions in its expansive facility, designed by Graham Gund Architects. "Giants of the Mesozoic", on display in the atrium of Fernbank Museum, features a 123 ft long Argentinosaurus (the largest dinosaur ever classified) as well as a Giganotosaurus. The permanent exhibition, "A Walk Through Time in Georgia", tells the twofold story of Georgia's natural history and the development of the planet. Fernbank Museum has won several national and international awards for one of its newest permanent exhibitions, Fernbank NatureQuest, an immersive, interactive exhibition for children that was designed and produced by Thinkwell Group. The awards NatureQuest has won include the 2012 Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement for a Museum Exhibit and the 2011 Bronze Award for Best Museum Environment from Event Design. The nearby Fernbank Science Center is a separate organization operated by the DeKalb County Board of Education and is not affiliated with Fernbank Museum of Natural History (Fernbank, Inc.).

Title: Deadwood, South Dakota

Deadwood (Lakota: "Owáyasuta"; "To approve or confirm things") is a city in South Dakota, United States, and the county seat of Lawrence County. It is named after the dead trees found in its gulch. The population was 1,270 according to the 2010 census. The entire city is a National Historic Landmark District, for its well-preserved Gold Rush-era architecture.

Title: Yarmouth Runic Stone

The Yarmouth Runic Stone, also known as the Fletcher Stone, is a slab of quartzite that first came to the attention of the public in the early 19th Century. The stone appears to have an inscription carved into it, which some investigators, notably Henry Phillips, Jr., have interpreted as Norse runes. This has led to speculation that the Yarmouth, Nova Scotia area, in Canada, was visited by Viking explorers sometime around 1000 C.E. Many other theories have been put forward, including the possibility of a hoax or the inscription being a product of natural forces. The Stone is currently on display at the Yarmouth County Museum.

Title: Goa State Museum

Goa State Museum, also known as the State Archaeology Museum, Panaji, is a museum in Goa, India. Established in 1977, it contains departments including Ancient History and Archaeology, Art and Craft, and Geology. The museum, as of 2008, had about 8,000 artifacts on display, including stone sculptures, wooden objects, carvings, bronzes, paintings, manuscripts, rare coins, and anthropological objects. The museum was currently located at the EDC Complex in Patto, Panaji; earlier it was housed at St. Inez, Panjim. As of May 2018, the Museum has been closed for visitors since the artefacts are shifted to the Adil Shah's Palace (Old Secretariat) in Panaji. The Museum's premises at the EDC Complex in Patto, Panaji shall be demolished to make way for a new Museum building.

Title: National Railway Museum Shildon

National Railway Museum Shildon, also known as Locomotion: the National Railway Museum at Shildon or Shildon Locomotion Museum is a railway museum in Shildon, County Durham, England. The museum is a branch of the National Railway Museum (NRM), which is part of the Science Museum Group. Shildon acts as an annex, with important exhibits on display in the NRM's headquarters at York, though major exhibits are regularly rotated.

Title: Stele Forest

The Stele Forest, or Beilin Museum (碑林; pinyin: Bēilín), is a museum for steles and stone sculptures in Xi'an, China. The museum, which is housed in a former Confucian Temple, has housed a growing collection of Steles since 1087. By 1944 it was the principal museum for Shaanxi province. Due to the large number of steles, it was officially renamed the Forest of Stone Steles in 1992. Altogether, there are 3,000 steles in the museum, which is divided into seven exhibitions halls, which mainly display works of calligraphy, painting and historical records.

Title: Tankavaara

Tankavaara is a village and a tourist attraction in the municipality of Sodankylä in Lapland, Finland. It is located by the E75 highway 90 kilometres north of Sodankylä and 30 kilometers south of the Saariselkä ski resort. Tankavaara is famous of its gold prospecting that started in the 1930s. Since the 1970s, the village has been a tourist attraction including hotel, restaurants and the Gold Prospector Museum. The International Gold Museum presents the history of Finnish gold, as well as the history of the world's major gold rushes. A display called Golden world, tells the story of gold in more than 20 countries. The outdoor museum is housed within several historic buildings and the courtyard is decorated with a large bronze statue of a gold prospector, by the artist professor Ensio Seppänen. The museum's stone and mineral collection has more than 2500 samples on display from around the world.

Title: Thoen Stone

The Thoen Stone is a sandstone slab dated 1834 that was discovered in the Black Hills of South Dakota by Louis Thoen in 1887. The discovery of the stone called into question the first discovery of gold and the history of gold mining in the Black Hills; it would mean that gold was discovered in the Black Hills 40 years before the Custer Expedition of 1874 and the subsequent Black Hills Gold Rush. It is currently on display at the Adams Museum & House in Deadwood, South Dakota.

Title: Clay County Historical Museum

The Clay County Historical Society Museum is located in Green Cove Springs, Clay County, Florida. It is located in a former trail depot. Exhibits include railroad memorabilia, a country kitchen display and a country store display. It is operated by the Clay County Historical Society. The museum is located at 915 Walnut Street in the Historical Triangle which also includes the 1896 county jail and 1890 courthouse at Walnut Street and Ferris Street (Hwy 16).

Title: Mercy Hospital and Medical Center

Mercy Hospital and Medical Center is a 292 bed general medical and surgical Catholic teaching hospital in Chicago, Illinois. Established in 1852, The hospital was the first chartered hospital in Chicago. In 1859, Mercy Hospital became the first Catholic hospital to affiliate with a medical school—Lind Medical School—and the first to require a graded curriculum. Today, Mercy Hospital and Medical Center is part of a nationwide network of Mercy Healthcare facilities. Mercy also is the hospital used by the Daley family: all of their children were born there. Mercy sold a plot of land to the north of their hospital for 60 million dollars in 2008. It is also the main women's cancer center in Illinois. It accepted patients from Michael Reese Hospital and Medical Center and absorbed the ambulance routes when the hospital closed in 2008. Mercy follows Catholic teaching but does give birth control to rape patients.

Title: Baylor College of Medicine

Baylor College of Medicine (BCM), located in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, US, is a health sciences university. It includes a medical school, Baylor College of Medicine; the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences; the School of Allied Health Sciences; and the National School of Tropical Medicine. The school, located in the middle of the world's largest medical center (Texas Medical Center), is part owner of Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center, part of the CHI St. Luke's Health system, and has hospital affiliations with: Harris Health System, Texas Children's Hospital, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Memorial Hermann - The Institute for Rehabilitation and Research, Menninger Clinic, the Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Children's Hospital of San Antonio.

Title: Adventist Medical Center Manila

The Adventist Medical Center Manila, (formerly the Manila Adventist Medical Center; Manila Sanitarium and Hospital), is an acute care, tertiary, non-stock, non-profit, and self-supporting private hospital that is located within Pasay in Metro Manila, Philippines. It was established on 1929 by a missionary doctor - Horace Hall. It is one of the two constituents, the other being an educational institution, that formed the Adventist Medical Center Manila. The hospital is part of a chain of more than 500 health care institutions worldwide operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church. It is licensed by the Center for Health Development of the Philippine Department of Health, accredited by Medicare, the Philippine Hospital Association and the American Hospital Association.

Title: Banner University Medical Center Tucson

Banner - University Medical Center Tucson (BUMCT), formerly University Medical Center and the University of Arizona Medical Center, is a private, non-profit, 487-bed acute-care hospital located on the campus of the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona. BUMCT is part of the University of Arizona Health Sciences (UAHS) center campus which includes the university's Colleges of Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy and Public Health. It is Southern Arizona's only Level I trauma center for both adult and pediatric patients. BUMCT is one of two University of Arizona affiliated academic medical centers in Tucson with Banner - University Medical Center South (formerly Kino Community Hospital, University Physicians Healthcare Hospital, and University of Arizona Medical Center - South Campus) being the other such institution. The area's only dedicated Children's hospital, Banner Children's at Diamond Children's Medical Center, is located within and adjacent to BUMCT.

Title: NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital

The NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital is a nonprofit university hospital in New York City affiliated with two Ivy League medical schools: Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons and Weill Cornell Medical College. It is composed of two distinct medical centers, Columbia University Medical Center and Weill Cornell Medical Center. s of 2017 , the hospital is ranked as the 8th best hospital in the United States and 1st in the New York City metropolitan area by "U.S. News & World Report". The hospital has 2,478 beds in total, and is one of the largest hospitals in the United States. New York–Presbyterian Hospital is among the largest hospitals and largest private employers in New York City, and one of the world's busiest.

Title: Capitol University Medical City

Capitol University Medical Center (formerly Cagayan Capitol General Hospital Foundation Incorporated) in Cagayan de Oro, Philippines, is the Base Hospital for the Capitol University. This private hospital is one of the largest and leading private medical facilities in Mindanao. In 2009,the new and expanded CUMC opened its doors to hundreds offering sects to affiliate in this bustling hospital. Capitol University Medical Center stands as the base training of Capitol University's College of Nursing and College of Midwifery students in this medical center.

Title: Claud Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott

Brigadier Claud Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott, DSO (13 July 1906 – 24 January 1971) was the first child and only son born to Lieutenant Colonel Lord Herbert Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott and Marie Josephine Edwards. He was a grandson of Sir William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch & 8th Duke of Queensberry and Lady Louisa Jane Hamilton, and a paternal first cousin to Lady Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, later known as Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester. He was a maternal first cousin once removed to Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, a paternal great-uncle to Sarah, Duchess of York, and a maternal second great-uncle to Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie of York.

Title: Prince George Cougars

The Prince George Cougars are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C. Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League (WHL). The team is based in Prince George, British Columbia, and plays its home games at the CN Centre, formally known as the Prince George Multiplex. The Cougars were founded in 1971 as the Victoria Cougars, but later moved to Prince George in 1994. On March 19, 2014, after months of rumours, a team of local investors led by Greg Pocock, along with NHLers Dan Hamhuis and Eric Brewer, agreed in principle to purchase the Prince George Cougars. The deal was approved by the WHL Board of Governors on April 30 the same year.

Title: Gloucester House

Gloucester House or Gloucester Lodge is a former royal residence on the esplanade in the seaside resort of Weymouth on the south coast of England. It was the summer residence of Prince William Henry Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh (1743–1805), fourth son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, and brother of King George III. During his recovery from porphyria in 1789, George III spent some time convalescing there. The king occupied the right-hand part of the building, and would have had use of the garden, situated where the later, left-side wing now stands. His doctors encouraged him to visit the resort to benefit from the sea air and salt water. The patronage of the king was important in drawing fashionable society to the south coast town.

Title: Prince George of Denmark

Prince George of Denmark and Norway, Duke of Cumberland (Danish: "Jørgen" ; 2 April 165328 October 1708), was the husband of Queen Anne, who reigned over Great Britain from 1702.

Title: Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch

Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch and 5th Duke of Queensberry KG KT FRSE (2 September 1746 – 11 January 1812) was a Scottish nobleman and long-time friend of the notable Sir Walter Scott. He is the paternal 3rd great-grandfather of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the maternal 4th great-grandfather of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.

Title: Louisa Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn

Louisa Jane Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn, VA (née Lady Louisa Jane Russell) (8 July 1812 – 31 March 1905) was the wife of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn, and the daughter of John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford, by his second wife, Lady Georgiana Gordon. She was the mother of Louisa Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch, and therefore the paternal great grandmother of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the maternal 2nd great-grandmother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester. She was also the mother of James Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Abercorn, and therefore the paternal great-grandmother of Cynthia Spencer, Countess Spencer, and the paternal 3rd great-grandmother of Diana, Princess of Wales, and the maternal 4th great-grandmother of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry. Through her daughter Lady Louisa Hamilton she also is the maternal 3rd great-grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York.

Title: Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester

Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (Alice Christabel; née Montagu Douglas Scott ; 25 December 1901 – 29 October 2004) was the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, the third son of George V and Mary of Teck. She was the mother of the present Duke of Gloucester, and of Prince William of Gloucester, who died aged 30.

Title: Prince William, Duke of Gloucester

Prince William, Duke of Gloucester (24 July 1689 – 30 July 1700 ) was the son of Princess Anne, later Queen of England, Ireland and Scotland from 1702, and her husband, Prince George, Duke of Cumberland. He was their only child to survive infancy. Styled Duke of Gloucester, he was viewed by contemporaries as a Protestant champion because his birth seemed to cement the Protestant succession established in the "Glorious Revolution" that had deposed his Catholic grandfather James II the previous year.

Title: Prince Georg of Hanover

Prince Georg of Hanover ("Georg Paul Christian Prinz von Hannover"), Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (born 9 December 1949 at Schloss Salem in Salem, Baden-Württemberg, Germany). Georg is the second eldest son of Prince George William of Hanover and his wife Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark, an elder sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. Georg is a male-line descendant of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a descendant of Albert, Prince Consort and Victoria of the United Kingdom through their daughters Victoria, Princess Royal and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom. He is a first cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales and nephew of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.

Title: Dorothy Clement

Dorothy Clement (c. 1715 – c. 1739) was the mistress of Edward Walpole and mother of his four children, including Maria Walpole, who became Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh upon her marriage to Prince William Henry, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh. Daughter of a Darlington postmaster, she is an ancestor of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge.

Title: Takhini River

The Takhini River is a watercourse in Yukon, Canada. The river is located just north of Whitehorse, Yukon, and flows from west to east, meeting the Yukon River at a point between Whitehorse and Lake Laberge. During the winter, the river freezes and serves as part of the route of the Yukon Quest sled dog race.

Title: Yukon International Storytelling Festival

The Yukon International Storytelling Festival was held every Summer in Whitehorse, Yukon, generally in an outdoor setting. Cofounders of the storytelling festival were storytellers Louise Profeit-Leblanc and Anne Taylor. Profeit-Leblanc, from the Northern Tutchone Nation, was the niece of Angela Sidney {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (1902 – 1991), one the Yukon's last Tagish. Sidney had devoted her life to preserving the stories of the Tagish of Southern Yukon, Profeit-Leblanc and Taylor were motivated to found a more local venue for sharing Yukon stories when they realized that Sidney had had to travel in 1984 Toronto Festival of Storytelling to disseminate her peoples' stories to a world audience. In 1987 interested parties came together to plan the first Yukon Storytelling Festival in 1988. It later grew beyond the scope of Yukon and Canada to attract storytellers from all over the world with an emphasis on native peoples storytelling and circumpolar countries.

Title: Yukon Energy

Yukon Energy Corporation (YEC) (French: "Société d’énergie du Yukon" ) is a Canadian Crown corporation in Yukon that provides electrical power to Yukon. YEC is a subsidiary of Yukon Development Corporation that was established in 1987 to take over the Yukon assets of the Northern Canada Power Commission. The company's headquarters is in Whitehorse, Yukon.

Title: White Horse Rapids

The Whitehorse rapids were rapids on the Yukon River in Canada's Yukon Territory, named for their supposed resemblance to the mane of a charging white horse. The rapids formed where the Yukon River flows across and cuts down through lava flows of the Miles Canyon basalt. These rapids presented a major navigational obstacle on the Yukon River during the Klondike Gold Rush, and lent their name to the nearby town of Whitehorse.

Title: Air North

Air North Charter and Training Ltd., operating as Air North, Yukon's Airline is a Canadian airline based in Whitehorse, Yukon. It operates scheduled passenger and cargo flights, charter flights, and ground handling services throughout the Yukon, with regular flights to the Northwest Territories, Alaska, British Columbia, Alberta, and Ontario. Its main base is Erik Nielsen Whitehorse International Airport.

Title: 2014 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship

The 2014 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship, the men's curling championship for Yukon and the Northwest Territories, will be held from February 6 to 9 at the Whitehorse Curling Club in Whitehorse, Yukon. The winning Jamie Koe rink from Yellowknife, Northwest Territories represented Yukon and the Northwest Territories at the 2014 Tim Hortons Brier in Kamloops.

Title: Erik Nielsen Whitehorse International Airport

Erik Nielsen Whitehorse International Airport (IATA: YXY, ICAO: CYXY) is located in Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada. It is part of the National Airports System, and is owned and operated by the Government of Yukon. The airport was renamed in honour of longtime Yukon Member of Parliament Erik Nielsen on December 15, 2008. The terminal handled 294,000 passengers in 2012, representing a 94% increase in passenger traffic since 2002. Air North is based in Whitehorse.

Title: 2012 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship

The 2012 Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship was held February 9–12 at the Whitehorse Curling Club in Whitehorse, Yukon. The winning team of Jamie Koe, will represent Yukon/Northwest Territories at the 2012 Tim Hortons Brier in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan.

Title: Whitehorse Centre

Whitehorse Centre is an electoral district which returns a member (known as an MLA) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada. It was created in 1992 from an amalgamation of the ridings of Whitehorse North Centre and Whitehorse South Centre and readjusted in 2002 following the dissolution of the neighbouring riding of Riverside. The riding encompasses the downtown core of the City of Whitehorse (including Marwell) between the escarpment and the Yukon River. Whitehorse Centre is home to most of Whitehorse's businesses and government offices.

Title: 2015 Yukon Men's Curling Championship

The 2015 Yukon Men's Curling Championship was held January 9 to 15 at the Whitehorse Curling Club in Whitehorse, Yukon. It was the first territorial men's championship to be held since the Yukon gained a direct entry to the Brier, Canada's national men's curling championship. Prior to 2015, the top two teams in the territory played in the Yukon/NWT Men's Curling Championship, with the winner going to the Brier. The winning team represented the Yukon at the 2015 Tim Hortons Brier.

Title: Rail transport in Walt Disney Parks and Resorts

Rail transport can be found in every theme park resort property owned or licensed by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, the theme park and vacation resort segment of the larger Walt Disney Company. The origins of Disney theme park rail transport can be traced back to Walt Disney himself and his personal fondness for railroads, who insisted that they be included in the first Disney park, the original Disneyland (a key component of the Disneyland Resort) in California in the United States, which opened on July 17, 1955. The Disney tradition of including transport by rail in its parks has since been extended to other Disney properties with the opening of Walt Disney World in Florida in the United States, Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan, Disneyland Paris in France, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort in China, and Shanghai Disney Resort in China.

Title: Djuan Rivers

Djuan Rivers is the Vice President of Disney's Animal Kingdom at Walt Disney World. He previously served as Vice President for Hotels and Business Solutions at Disneyland Paris after having been General Manager of the Disney Aulani Resort & Spa in Hawaii.

Title: Brown's Hotel (Catskills)

Brown’s Hotel was a nationally known resort complex located in the Borscht Belt area of upstate New York, in the Catskill Mountains. It was one of the largest and most elaborate establishments of its kind during an era when the entire region prospered as a tourist destination. From the 1940s to the 1980s, the hotel was a popular vacation destination for many upper-middle-class families living in the New York City metropolitan area. Jewish-American families were welcomed and even catered to specifically by the hotels in the Borscht Belt during a time period when anti-semitism was prevalent in the hospitality industry. Filling a niche, the area quickly became a mecca for Jewish-American families. Brown's Hotel was located in the hamlet of Loch Sheldrake in the Town of Fallsburg, Sullivan County, New York.

Title: Walt Disney World Swan

The Walt Disney World Swan is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios behind Disney's BoardWalk Resort and across from its sister resort, the Walt Disney World Dolphin. The Swan, which opened January 13, 1990 on Disney property, is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts. The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife and operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Westin brand. The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts, because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.

Title: Disneytown

Disneytown is a shopping, dining, and entertainment complex at the Shanghai Disney Resort in Pudong, Shanghai, China. It is the Shanghai Disney Resort equivalent of the Downtown Disney complex at Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California; Disney Springs at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida; Ikspiari at Tokyo Disney Resort, and Disney Village at Disneyland Paris, France.

Title: Ko Olina Resort

Ko Olina Resort is a 642 acre master-planned vacation and residential community on the leeward coast of Oahu, 17 mi northwest of Honolulu. Ko Olina has 2 mi of coastal frontage and includes three natural and four man-made lagoons with white-sand beaches. It is home to four hotel and vacation-club resorts: Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa; the Ihilani Resort & Spa, Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club, and The Four Seasons at Ko Olina, as well as several resort condominiums and villa homes. Previously, the JW Marriott at Ko Olina occupied The Four Seasons property. An Atlantis Resort, similar to Atlantis Dubai, is currently being designed as an international destination for millennial travelers. The property will be adjacent to the condominiums located on lagoon three.

Title: Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort &amp; Spa

Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa is a Disney Vacation Club resort at the Walt Disney World Resort. The resort is the seventh Disney Vacation Club resort and is situated on the former site of the Disney Institute. It first opened May 17, 2004 and was built in three phases. It is now the largest Disney Vacation Club resort. The resort was inspired by the city of Saratoga Springs, New York.

Title: Aulani

Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a beachside hotel, resort and vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs at the Ko Olina Resort & Marina in Kapolei on the Hawaiian island of Oahu. Part of the Disney Vacation Club, it is the third Disney Vacation Club Resort located outside of a Disney theme park property. The resort opened on August 29, 2011.

Title: Walt Disney World Dolphin

The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, next to Disney's BoardWalk Resort area. It opened on June 1, 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel, the Walt Disney World Swan (also designed by Graves) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon. The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts. The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand. The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.

Title: Horseshoe Resort

Horseshoe Resort, formerly Horseshoe Valley Ski Club, is a southern Ontario ski resort and four season vacation destination. Located north of Barrie, the resort is about 1 hour 15 minutes driving time from Toronto. The resort enjoys a long ski season due to snow making abilities. Acquired by Skyline International Development Inc. in July 2007, Horseshoe Resort is spread out over 680 acres of land. The resort offers two award-winning golf courses, a full-service Shizen Spa, 101 rooms at the on-site Inn and 40 condo-style suites, two year-round restaurants, 11,400 square feet of meeting and banquet facilities, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a full gym and over 40 km of trails connected to the Copeland Forest suitable for hiking, biking and snowshoeing.

Title: Jiangxia Tidal Power Station

The Jiangxia Tidal Power Station (江厦潮汐电站) is the fourth largest tidal power station in the world, located in Wuyantou, Wenling City, Zhejiang Province, China. Although the proposed design for the facility was 3,000 kW, the current installed capacity is 3,200 kW, generated from one unit of 500 kW, one unit of 600 kW, and three units of 700 kW, totalling the installed capacity to 3,200 kW. Proposals were made to install a sixth 700 kW unit, but this has not yet been installed. The facility generates up to 6.5 GWh of power annually.

Title: Wenling Railway Station

Wenling Railway Station is a railway station of Yongtaiwen Railway located in Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.

Title: Wenling

Wenling (Wenling dialect: Uen-lin Zy ] ; ) is a coastal county-level city in the municipal region of Taizhou, in southeastern Zhejiang province, China. It borders Luqiao and Huangyan to the north, Yuhuan to the south, Yueqing to the west, looks out to the East China Sea to the east. Wenling locates on 28°22'N, 121°21'E, approximately 300 km south of Shanghai.

Title: Ke Zhao

Ke Zhao or Chao Ko (, April 12, 1910 – November 8, 2002) was a Chinese mathematician born in Wenling, Taizhou, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.

Title: Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport

Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport (IATA: CGO, ICAO: ZHCC) is the principal airport serving Zhengzhou, the capital of Henan Province, China.

Title: Yandang Mountains

Yandang Mountains or Yandangshan (Chinese:  雁蕩山 ,  雁荡山 ,  "Yàndàng Shān",  "Wild Goose Pond Mountain(s)") refers, in the broad sense, to a coastal mountain range in southeastern Zhejiang province in eastern China, covering much of the prefecture-level city of Wenzhou (from Pingyang County in the south to Yueqing County in the northeast) and extending to the county-level city of Wenling in Taizhou prefecture. The mountain range is divided in two by the Oujiang River, the two parts being the North Yandang and South Yandang. More narrowly, Yandangshan is also used more narrowly to refer to Mount Yandang , a specific part of the North Yandang around an ancient caldera near a small town of the same name (雁荡镇 , "Yàndàng Zhèn"). The highest peaks of North Yandang are located here, and this is also the main tourist spot. In this article, name "Yandang Mountains" is used to refer the mountain range and "Mt. Yandang" to refer to the caldera.

Title: Zhongyuan Airlines

Zhongyuan Airlines (中原航空 "Zhōngyuán Hángkōng") was an airline based in Zhengzhou, Henan Province, People's Republic of China. Its main base was Zhengzhou Xinzheng International Airport.

Title: SIAS International University

Sias International University (Sias, Chinese: 郑州大学西亚斯国际学院 zhèng-zhōu dà-xué xī-yà-sī guó-jì xué-yuàn), transliterated Zhengzhou University Sias International College, is the first solely American-owned post-secondary school in Central China. Officially a campus of, and affiliated with Zhengzhou University, the leading university in Henan Province, it was developed and designed to meet the most current educational needs of students in China. It is the first full-time undergraduate institution approved by the Degree Committee of the State Council in China to grant both Chinese and American bachelor's degrees, whose diplomas are those of Zhengzhou University and Fort Hays State University. It is fully accredited by the Chinese Ministry of Education. Sias is located in the ancient city of Xinzheng, near Henan's capital, Zhengzhou.

Title: Xinzheng

Xinzheng () is a small county-level city of Zhengzhou in the south of Henan province of Central China. The city has a population of 600,000 people and covers an area of 15 km2 .

Title: Peiligang culture

The Peiligang culture is the name given by archaeologists to a group of Neolithic communities in the Yi-Luo river basin in Henan Province, China. The culture existed from 7000 to 5000 BC. Over 100 sites have been identified with the Peiligang culture, nearly all of them in a fairly compact area of about 100 square kilometers in the area just south of the river and along its banks. The culture is named after the site discovered in 1977 at Peiligang, a village in Xinzheng County. Archaeologists think that the Peiligang culture was egalitarian, with little political organization.

Title: Pete Tillotson

Peter S. Tillotson (born March 23, 1936) is an American former basketball player. He grew up in Ludington, Michigan, and played basketball for Ludington High School from 1951 to 1954. In three years at Ludington High, he scored 1,176 points -- 179 points as a sophomore, 433 points as a junior and 564 points as a senior. During the 1953–54 season, he averaged 25.6 points per game. He led Ludington to a 21–2 record and the state finals in 1952 and an 18–4 record in 1953. As a student at the University of Michigan, he played center for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team from 1955 to 1958. He was the captain, most valuable player, and leading scorer on the 1957–58 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team. He scored 415 points during the 1957–58 season (an average of 18.8 points per game), the second highest point total in Michigan's history to that point. Tillotson was drafted by the Syracuse Nationals in the fifth round (53rd overall pick) of the 1958 NBA draft. He was injured during the pre-season training camp for Syracuse and spent the 1958–59 season playing for the Milan Simmenthal in the Italian Amateur League. He led Milan to a second-place finish for the European championship while averaging 18 points and 11 rebounds. He played for Syracuse in 1960, but his playing career ended after he sustained a knee injury. After retiring from basketball, Tillotson worked for nearly 40 years for Ford Motor Company, Paine Webber, Goldman Sachs and General Electric. He retired in 2001. He was included in the inaugural class of seven athletes inducted into the Mason County Sports Hall of Fame in 2005.

Title: Michigan–Michigan State men's basketball rivalry

The Michigan–Michigan State basketball rivalry is a college basketball rivalry between Michigan Wolverines men's basketball and Michigan State Spartans men's basketball that is part of the larger intrastate rivalry between the University of Michigan and Michigan State University that exists across a broad spectrum of endeavors including their general athletic programs: Michigan Wolverines and Michigan State Spartans. On the field, the athletic rivalry includes the Paul Bunyan Trophy and the Michigan–Michigan State ice hockey rivalry, but extends to almost all sports and many other forms of achievement. Both teams are members of the Big Ten Conference. The rivalry has been evidenced both on the court and off the court. Among the off the court elements of the rivalry, recruiting of basketball talent has resulted in battles, the most notable of which turned into the University of Michigan basketball scandal when both schools sought the services of Mateen Cleaves.

Title: 2014–15 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 2014–15 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played its home games in Ann Arbor, Michigan for the 48th consecutive year at the Crisler Center, which has a capacity of 12,707. This season marked the program's 99th season and its 98th consecutive year as a member of the Big Ten Conference. The team was led by 8th year head coach John Beilein, who was voted 2014 Big Ten Coach of the Year by the Big Ten media. The 2013–14 team was Big Ten champion, earning the school's first outright title since 1986. The program entered the season coming off its winningest two-year stretch, having won 59 games in the two previous seasons. The team was also coming off four consecutive NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament appearances.

Title: 2012–13 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. For the 46th consecutive year, the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team played its home games in Ann Arbor, Michigan, at the Crisler Center. This season marked the team's 96th consecutive year as a member of the Big Ten Conference, and it is occasionally referred to as "Team 96". The team was led by sixth-year head coach John Beilein. As the defending 2011–12 Big Ten Conference men's basketball season regular season co-champions, the Wolverines finished fourth in the conference in 2012–13 and as National Runner-up in the 2013 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament after losing in the championship game to Louisville. The team achieved a 31–8 record, the most wins by the program in 20 seasons.

Title: Estel Tessmer

Estel S. "Zit" Tessmer (February 25, 1910 – June 1972) was an American football and basketball player. A native of Ann Arbor, Michigan, Tessmer attended the University of Michigan where he played for the football and basketball teams. He played as a quarterback for the Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1929 to 1931 and 1933. He won the Chicago Alumni Trophy as a freshman in football. He started three games at the quarterback position in 1930 and three more in 1931, but his playing time at quarterback was limited because the 1930 and 1931 Wolverines included College Football Hall of Fame quarterback Harry Newman. After losing the starting quarterback job to Newman, Tessmer also played some games at the right halfback position. Tessmer also played three years as a guard for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team from 1931 to 1934. He later became a teacher and basketball coach at Bay City Central High School. He also threw two no-hit games as a baseball pitcher in intramural sports while attending Michigan. He was basketball coach at Bay City through 1953 and remained athletic director at the school thereafter. Tessmer died in 1972 at age 61. He was a resident of Bay City, Michigan at the time of his death.

Title: 1951–52 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 1951–52 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan in intercollegiate basketball during the 1951–52 season. In their fourth season under head coach Ernie McCoy, the Wolverines team compiled a 7–15 record and finished in a tie for eighth place in the Big Ten Conference. Senior Jim Skala was the team captain, leading scorer and Most Valuable Player. The team was notable as the first racially integrated Michigan basketball team with Don Eaddy and John Codwell becoming the first two African-American players.

Title: Charles Matthews (basketball)

Charles I. Matthews (born November 15, 1996) is an American basketball player for the Michigan Wolverines who sat out the season for the 2016-17 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team. He played his freshman season for the 2015–16 Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball team after attending St. Rita of Cascia High School. As a high school senior he was a 2015 Jordan Brand Classic All-American selection.

Title: Ferris Jennings

Ferris Gordon Jennings (November 10, 1913 – December 22, 1995) was an American football, baseball and basketball player. He played college football at the quarterback and safety positions for the University of Michigan in 1934 and 1936. He was the starting quarterback for the 1934 Michigan Wolverines football team. Jennings also played for the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball and Michigan Wolverines baseball teams between 1935 and 1937.

Title: 1980–81 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team

The 1980–81 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team represented the University of Michigan in intercollegiate college basketball during the 1980–81 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team played its home games in the Crisler Arena in Ann Arbor, Michigan, and was a member of the Big Ten Conference. Under the direction of first-year head coach Bill Frieder, the team finished tied for sixth in the Big Ten Conference. The team earned an invitation to the 1981 National Invitation Tournament. Although the team was ranked in the Associated Press Top Twenty Poll for eleven of the sixteen weeks reaching a peak at number nine, it began and finished the season unranked and it also ended the season unranked in the final UPI Coaches' Poll. The team was led by All-American Mike McGee. The team set the current Big Ten conference record by playing in six overtime games. That season McGee also set the current conference record for career field goals attempted (2077). McGee set several other records, which have since been broken: career points (2439, broken in 1989 by Glen Rice), career points (conference games only) (1503, broken in 1995), single-season field goals made (309, broken in 1986) and career field goals made (1010, broken in 1993). Mark Bodnar became the first Michigan Wolverines player on record to total 13 assists in a game on December 13, 1980, against the Dayton Flyers

Title: John Beilein

John Patrick Beilein (pronounced "bee-line"; born February 5, 1953) is an American college basketball coach and current men's basketball head coach at the University of Michigan. He is the 16th head coach of the Michigan Wolverines. The 2016–17 season is his tenth at Michigan. Beilein has won 691 career games at four-year universities and 766 games altogether, including those at the junior college level. He has previously coached the West Virginia Mountaineers (2002–2007), Richmond Spiders (1997–2002), Canisius Golden Griffins (1992–1997) in NCAA Division I as well as Le Moyne College (1983–1992), Nazareth College (1982–1983) and Erie Community College (1978–1982).

Title: New Orleans Film Society

The New Orleans Film Society (NOFS) is a nonprofit arts organization located in New Orleans, Louisiana. The organization presents and exhibits year-round film programming and events in addition to the annual New Orleans Film Festival.

Title: Newswomen's Club of New York

The Newswomen's Club of New York is a nonprofit organization that focuses on women working in the media in the New York City metropolitan area. It was founded in 1922 as the New York Newspaper Woman’s Club and included such well-known individuals as Eleanor Roosevelt, Helen Rogers Reid and Anne O'Hare McCormick among its membership; it changed its name in 1971 to include members working in magazines and broadcast media. The organization presents its Front Page Award annually to honor the most prominent achievements by women in journalism.

Title: Chris Noonan

Chris Noonan (born 14 November 1952) is a Sydney-based Australian filmmaker and actor best known for the family film "Babe" (1995), for which he was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Director and Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Title: Alabama Broadcasters Association

The Alabama Broadcasters Association (ABA) represents radio and television broadcasters across the U.S. state of Alabama. It is affiliated with the National Association of Broadcasters. Every year the organization presents the ABBY (Alabama's Best in Broadcasting Yearly) Awards. The organization also has a Hall of Fame .

Title: Public Art Fund

Public Art Fund is an independent, non-profit arts organization founded in 1977 by Doris C. Freedman. The organization presents contemporary art in New York City's public spaces through a series of highly visible artists' projects, new commissions, installations, and exhibitions that are emblematic of the organization's mission and innovative history. Nicholas Baume joined PAF as Director & Chief Curator in 2009, and Susan K. Freedman has served as the President since 1986.

Title: Academy Award for Best Director

The Academy Award for Best Director (officially known as the Academy Award for Best Directing) is an award presented annually by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS). It is given in honor of a film director who has exhibited outstanding directing while working in the film industry.

Title: Babe (film)

Babe is a 1995 Australian-American comedy-drama film directed by Chris Noonan, produced by George Miller, and written by both. It is an adaptation of Dick King-Smith's 1983 novel "The Sheep-Pig", also known as "Babe: The Gallant Pig" in the US, which tells the story of a pig who wants to be a sheepdog. The main animal characters are played by a combination of real and animatronic pigs and Border Collies.

Title: The Center for Arts in Natick

The Center for Arts in Natick, also known as TCAN (pronounced tee-can) in Natick, Massachusetts, is a regional community arts organization serving the cities and towns of MetroWest Boston. It has been in existence in various locations since 1997. The organization presents more than 300 events, classes and performances each year attended by over 24,000 patrons annually. TCAN was established as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in 1997.

Title: Office of the Chief Trade Adviser

The Office of the Chief Trade Adviser (OCTA) is an independent trade advisory body of the Forum Island Countries. OCTA provides policy advice and capacity building support to the Forum Island Countries, particularly in the Pacific Agreement on Closer Economic Relations (PACER) Plus trade negotiations with Australia and New Zealand. OCTA was established on 29 March 2010 and is based in Port Vila, Vanuatu. The first to be appointed to the Chief Trade Adviser position was Chris Noonan, an academic from New Zealand. Noonan resigned in September 2011. The OCTA Governing Board then appointed Julia Tijaja, the Trade Policy Adviser, as Caretaker Chief Trade Adviser in the interim until the new Chief Trade Adviser came on board. In February 2012, Edwini Kessie, an international trade law expert, was appointed the new Chief Trade Adviser. Kessie took up his post in June 2012. Thirteen Forum Island Countries are currently members of the OCTA; Cook Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Kiribati, Nauru, Niue, Palau, Papua New Guinea, Marshal Islands, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu and Vanuatu. OCTA is fully owned and is under the exclusive control of its members.

Title: League of American Orchestras

The League of American Orchestras, formerly the American Symphony Orchestra League, is a North American Musical Organization consisting of a network of approximately 800 orchestras. “Dedicated to helping orchestras meet the challenges of the twenty-first century,” the League consists of leading symphony and philharmonic orchestras, collegiate orchestras, community ensembles, and youth and student ensembles. The only national organization devoted and focused on elevating the orchestra industry, the League was founded in 1942 and later chartered by Congress in 1962. The League creates a network of all facets of the industry, including administrators, managers, board members, business partners, volunteers, and musicians. Each year this organization presents two awards: the Gold Baton Award and the Helen M. Thompson Award. The League affects the orchestral world through several outreach experiences, dedicated advocacy to music education and especially orchestral education, and maintaining and communicating a breadth of information and pertinent topics in publications. It has also developed detailed antitrust policy and guidelines in order to comply with the landscape of the industry. The League is a leading force in work on legislation regarding orchestras and support for the arts.

Title: Defence Strategic Policy and Intelligence Group

The Defence Strategic Policy and Intelligence Group (SP&I) of the Australian Government Department of Defence is responsible for defence diplomacy, strategic policy, international security, and military intelligence coordination and advice to the Prime Minister of Australia, Minister for Defence, Secretary of the Department of Defence, and Chief of the Defence Force. The Defence Strategic Policy and Intelligence Group is led by the Deputy Secretary for Strategic Policy and Intelligence and comprises four policy divisions and three intelligence agencies, which are the Australian Defence Organisation members of the Australian Intelligence Community.

Title: British intelligence agencies

The Government of the United Kingdom maintains intelligence agencies within several different government departments. The agencies are responsible for collecting and producing foreign and domestic intelligence, providing military intelligence, performing espionage and counter-espionage. Their intelligence assessments contribute to the conduct of the foreign relations of the United Kingdom, maintaining the national security of the United Kingdom, military planning and law enforcement in the United Kingdom. The three main agencies are the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6), the Security Service (MI5), and the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ).

Title: Gustav Laabs

Gustav Laabs (born 20 December 1902-died 12 March 1980) was a German SS commander during the Nazi era. During the Second World War, he worked as a gas van operator at the Chełmno extermination camp in Wartheland. As an operator of a gas van, Laabs was directly involved in and responsible for the genocidal extermination of over 100,000 men, women and children, most of whom were killed on account of being Jewish. After the war, he was tried and convicted for his crimes against humanity. Despite being convicted, Laabs was given the lenient sentence of 15 years (subsequently reduced to 13 years) by a regional court in Landgericht Bonn, Germany. Far from being outliers, such instances of leniency, extended to perpetrators of genocide and crimes against humanity during trials in post-Nazi Germany, constituted the norm, as evidenced by the fact that most of the perpetrators of Nazi war crimes and the Final Solution were not brought to justice. Many former SS officers and Nazis, who were directly responsible for perpetrating genocide and murdering countless innocent people, were contracted to work for US and British intelligence agencies as part of the war against the USSR and Communism (also see Operation Paperclip for more on post-WWII Allied collaboration with Nazis).

Title: Alliance Base

Alliance Base was the cover name for a secret Western Counterterrorist Intelligence Center (CTIC) that existed between 2002 and 2009 in Paris. The existence of CTICs were first revealed by Dana Priest in a November 17, 2005 "Washington Post" article, while she referred to the Alliance Base in a July 2, 2005, article. The name was chosen in reference of Al Qaeda, which means "The Base" in Arabic. It was headed by a French General assigned to the Directorate-General for External Security (DGSE), and largely funded by the CIA's Counterterrorist Center. It hosted officers from Great Britain, France, Germany, Canada, Australia and the United States and was used for intelligence exchange and operational planning. Its existence was confirmed on 8 September 2006 by Christophe Chaboud, chief of the UCLAT (""Unité de Coordination de la Lutte contre le Terrorisme"", "Fight against Terrorism Coordination Unit"), in an interview to RFI. Although intelligence exchange between intelligence agencies has become more and more widespread in the last decade, in particular following the September 11, 2001 attacks, this organisation also engaged in operations.

Title: Yulin Naval Base

Yulin Naval Base () is a naval base for nuclear submarines along the southern coast of Hainan Island, People's Republic of China. This underground base has been reported by several intelligence agencies, especially Indian agencies. The images collected by the Federation of American Scientists (FAS) in February 2008 shows that China constructed a large scale underground base for its naval forces.

Title: Ardeshir Reporter

Sir Ardeshir Reporter was born in a Zoroastrian Parsee family in Bombay on August 22, 1865. He was a secret British Intelligence agent in Iran for many years. In fact, he lived and worked in Iran as a secret British Intelligence agent since 1893. He came to Iran under the cover of Times' reporter. It was he who introduced General Ironside to Reza Khan, and it was Ironside who encouraged Reza Khan to seize power. According to his own will, he was the one, who discovered Reza Khan and guided him in the coup on February 22, 1921. Therefore he was instrumental in Reza Khan’s 1921 military coup and the consequent establishment of the Pahlavi dynasty and enthronement of Reza Shah in Iran in 1925. Ardeshir Reporter died in Tehran in 1933. His son, Shapoor Reporter, was also a secret agent of the British Intelligence Service in Iran who served the Pahlavi family after Reza Shah's death.

Title: Australian Secret Intelligence Service

The Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS; ) is Australia's foreign intelligence agency. ASIS was formed in 1952, but its existence remained secret even within the Government until 1972. ASIS is part of the Australian Intelligence Community responsible for the collection of foreign intelligence, including both counter-intelligence and liaising with the intelligence agencies of other countries. In these roles, ASIS is comparable to the British Secret Intelligence Service (MI6) and the American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).

Title: Defense Intelligence Agency in popular culture

The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) is a military espionage organization of the United States and one of the country's national-level intelligence agencies under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD). Less known than its non-DoD equivalent or its cryptologic counterpart, the DIA and its personnel have at times been portrayed in works of American popular culture. As with other U.S. foreign intelligence organizations, the agency's role has occasionally been confused with those of law enforcement agencies.

Title: Government Communications Headquarters

The Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) is an intelligence and security organisation responsible for providing signals intelligence (SIGINT) and information assurance to the government and armed forces of the United Kingdom. Based in "The Doughnut" in the suburbs of Cheltenham, GCHQ is the responsibility of the country's Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, but it is not a part of the Foreign Office and its director ranks as a Permanent Secretary.

Title: Israel's Secret Wars

It explores the role of secret intelligence and covert activities in the Zionist movement before independence and explore the operational and political histories all three major Israeli intelligence agencies Aman (military intelligence), Mossad (foreign intelligence and covert operations) and Shin Bet (internal security).

Title: When a Man Falls in Love

When a Man Falls in Love () is a 2013 South Korean television series, starring Song Seung-heon, Shin Se-kyung, Chae Jung-an, and Yeon Woo-jin. The story revolves around a world-weary gangster as his love life intertwines with three others, and how the course of their lives changes entirely based on one moment of fevered passion. It aired on MBC from April 3 to June 6, 2013 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.

Title: The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince

The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince (; also known as Coffee Prince) is a 2007 South Korean television drama, starring Yoon Eun-hye, Gong Yoo, Lee Sun-kyun, and Chae Jung-an. Based on the novel of the same name written by Lee Sun-mi, the hit series aired on MBC from July 2 to August 28, 2007 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 17 episodes.

Title: A New Leaf (TV series)

A New Leaf () is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Kim Myung-min, Park Min-young, Kim Sang-joong and Chae Jung-an. It aired on MBC from April 30 to June 26, 2014 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 16 episodes.

Title: Man to Man (TV series)

Man to Man () is a 2017 South Korean television series starring Park Hae-jin, Park Sung-woong, Kim Min-jung, Chae Jung-an and Yeon Jung-hoon. The show airs on JTBC every Friday and Saturday at 11:00pm KST.

Title: Chae Jung-an

Chae Jung-An (born Jang Jung-An on September 9, 1977) is a South Korean actress and singer.

Title: Cain and Abel (TV series)

Cain and Abel () is a 2009 South Korean television series starring So Ji-sub, Shin Hyun-joon, Han Ji-min, and Chae Jung-an. It aired on SBS from February 18 to April 23, 2009 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 20 episodes.

Title: Emperor of the Sea

Emperor of the Sea (; literally "Sea God") is a South Korean television drama series starring Choi Soo-jong, Chae Shi-ra, Song Il-gook، Soo Ae and Chae Jung-an It aired on KBS2 from November 24, 2004 to May 25, 2005 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 51 episodes. The period drama is based on Choi In-ho's 2003 novel "Hae-sin", which depicts the life of Jang Bogo, who rises from a lowly slave to a powerful maritime figure who dominated the East Asia seas and international trade during the Unified Silla Dynasty.

Title: Prime Minister and I

Prime Minister and I () is a 2013 South Korean television drama starring Im Yoon-ah, Lee Beom-soo, Yoon Shi-yoon, Chae Jung-an and Ryu Jin. It aired on KBS2 from December 9, 2013 to February 4, 2014 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 22:00 for 17 episodes.

Title: Queen of Reversals

Queen of Reversals () is a 2010 South Korean romantic comedy television series, starring Kim Nam-joo, Jung Joon-ho, Park Si-hoo and Chae Jung-an. It is about a career woman who experiences the many ups, downs, and reversals of work, family, and romance as she falls in and out of love and marriage. It aired on MBC from October 18, 2010 to February 1, 2011 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 21:55 for 31 episodes.

Title: Yeon Woo-jin

Yeon Woo-jin (born Kim Bong-hoe on July 5, 1984) is a South Korean actor. He started in the entertainment industry as a model and gained recognition with his leading roles in "Marriage, Not Dating" (2014), "Divorce Lawyer in Love" (2015), "Introverted Boss" (2017) and "Queen for Seven Days" (2017).

Title: Jean Carper

Jean Carper (born January 3, 1932) is a New York Times best-selling author, an American medical journalist, contributing editor to USA Weekend Magazine, and author of 24 books including 100 Simple Things You Can Do to Prevent Alzheimer's, Your Miracle Brain, Miracle Cures, the award-winning Stop Aging Now! , and The Food Pharmacy.

Title: Amell Santana

Amell Santa de Jesus (born July 30, 1987, in Sabana de la Mar) is a Dominican beauty pageant contestant. She competed in Miss Dominican Republic Universe 2005, representing the province of Hato Mayor, and ended as 1st runner-up. Santana then competed in Miss Dominican Republic 2005 and also placed as 1st runner-up. Receiving most of the judge votes, she was crowned as Miss Tierra República Dominicana 2005. A few months later, she represented the Dominican Republic in the 2005 Miss Earth pageant, placing as 1st runner-up.

Title: Deanna Loveland

Deanna Marie Loveland (born April 5, 1989) is an American recording artist, harpist, pianist and fashion designer. She began her career performing the harp at private functions, weddings and celebrity events for Jerry Bruckheimer and his wife, Linda. Consequently, she began songwriting and in 2005 her original song, "Shine" was 1st Runner-Up out of 12,000 entries in USA Weekend Magazine's national songwriting competition judged by Simon Cowell and Fantasia Barrino. In March 2007 Loveland released her solo harp album, "Moments". A month later she signed with a talent agency, appearing in music videos and commercials for companies including Toyota and Target and films including "A Pure Country Gift II" and "Country Strong".

Title: Gloria Almonte

Almonte won the Miss New York Teen USA 2001 title in late 2000, after placing 2nd Runner-Up in the same competition the year prior. She represented New York at the Miss Teen USA 2001 pageant held in South Padre Island, Texas on August 22, 2001 where placed 1st Runner-Up to Marissa Whitley of Missouri. This was New York's first placement since 1996 and their highest since 1988, when Jessica Collins also placed 1st Runner-Up.

Title: Miss New York USA

The Miss New York USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of New York in the Miss USA pageant. New York is one of the most successful states at Miss USA, and is ranked third in terms of number and value of placement across all years of competition . New York's strongest run was an unbroken string of placements from 1957 to 1966. New York also had a streak of 3 consecutive 1st runner-up placements from 1972 to 1974. In 1954, Karin Huitman was 2nd runner-up. She later moved up to be 1st runner-up, as the original 1st runner-up, Miss Virginia USA was dethroned due to underage (she was 16). As there was no rule in 1954 that if Miss USA won Miss Universe, first runner-up became Miss USA, Karin was only 1st runner-up. Huitman went on to become Miss World USA 1954 and 1st runner-up at Miss World 1954.

Title: Target Corporation

Target Corporation is the second-largest discount store retailer in the United States, behind Walmart, and a component of the S&P 500 Index. Founded by George Dayton and headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the company was originally named Goodfellow Dry Goods in June 1902 before being renamed the Dayton's Dry Goods Company in 1903 and later the Dayton Company in 1910. The first Target store opened in Roseville, Minnesota in 1962 while the parent company was renamed the Dayton Corporation in 1967. It became the Dayton-Hudson Corporation after merging with the J.L. Hudson Company in 1969 and held ownership of several department store chains including Dayton's, Hudson's, Marshall Field's, and Mervyn's.

Title: Miss North Dakota Teen USA

Compared to the sister Miss North Dakota USA pageant, North Dakota Teen USAs have been quite successful at Miss Teen USA, and are ranked fifteenth in terms of number and value of placements . North Dakota is one of only ten states to have had nine or more semifinalist (or better) placings at Miss Teen USA . Despite this, no Miss North Dakota Teen USA has won the Miss Teen USA crown, and in fact the highest placement ever reached by a North Dakota teen is 2nd runner-up, which was awarded to Katie Cooper 2006. The new record was made until Audra Mari placed 1st runner-up in 2011.

Title: Mary Murphy (news personality)

Mary Murphy is an American television personality, print journalist and author. She is an on-air correspondent for "The Insider" and a news producer at "Entertainment Tonight". Murphy is also a Senior Lecturer at USC Annenberg School for Communication and Journalism. She is a contributor to the "Los Angeles Times Magazine", "USA Weekend Magazine", the "New York Post" and "The Hollywood Reporter". Murphy has been on the staff of the "Los Angeles Times" and New York, "Esquire", and "TV Guide" Magazines.

Title: Carole Gist

Carole Anne-Marie Gist (born May 8, 1969) is an American TV host, model and first African American woman to win the Miss USA title. Gist first won the title of Miss Michigan USA and went on to win the Miss USA crown on March 2, 1990 in Wichita, Kansas. The 1990 pageant had representatives from Georgia (Brenda Leithleiter), Alaska (Karin Elizabeth Meyer), Kentucky (Tiffany Tenfelde), South Carolina (Gina Tolleson, who as 1st runner-up then went on to represent the country at the Miss World pageant, winning the title) and Karin Hartz of New Jersey making up with Gist the Top 6 finalists. Gist, a 5 ft Detroit native, 20 years old at the time, eventually became first runner-up to Mona Grudt of Norway in the Miss Universe pageant of that same year. She was also the first contestant from Michigan to win Miss USA, and broke the five-year streak of winners from Texas.

Title: Anne Marie Braafheid

Anne Marie Braafheid became the first black woman to attain the position of 1st runner-up in the Miss Universe contest. She was the second black woman to reach the top 15 finalists position, after Evelyn Miot of Haiti in 1962. She represented Curaçao in the 1968 pageant, and was featured in Ebony Magazine after achieving 1st runner-up status

Title: Follow the Yellow Brick Road

Follow the Yellow Brick Road is a television play by Dennis Potter, first broadcast in 1972 as part of BBC Two's "The Sextet" series of eight plays featuring the same six actors. The play's central theme is of popular culture becoming the inheritor of religious scripture, which anticipated Potter's later serial "Pennies from Heaven" (1978). The play's title is taken from the song used in "The Wizard of Oz", another version of which features in the incidental music.

Title: List of Life on Mars (UK TV series) episodes

"Life on Mars" is a British television drama series, produced by Kudos Film & Television for the BBC in 2006 and 2007. The transmission dates given below refer to the original UK showings on the BBC — for the first series in 2006 all episodes premiered on BBC One, but for the second series in 2007 two of the episodes had their first showing on the digital television channel BBC Four. For these episodes, both the BBC Four and BBC One premiere dates are given.

Title: Round the Horne

Round the Horne is a BBC Radio comedy programme that was transmitted in four series of weekly episodes from 1965 until 1968. The series was created by Barry Took and Marty Feldman, with others contributing to later series after Feldman returned to performing, and starred Kenneth Horne, with Kenneth Williams, Hugh Paddick, Betty Marsden and Bill Pertwee. The show's announcer was Douglas Smith and from time to time he took part in the sketches. It had musical interludes by close harmony singing group the Fraser Hayes Four, and accompaniment by the big band of Edwin Braden ("the great, 'airy fool" according to Kenneth Williams), known as Edwin Braden and the Hornblowers. The band was actually the BBC Radio Orchestra but was never billed as such. In the fourth series, all the musical duties were performed by the smaller Max Harris Group. Took and the cast had worked on the predecessor series "Beyond Our Ken". The name is a pun on the nautical phrase for sailing around Cape Horn.

Title: Pennies from Heaven (TV series)

Pennies From Heaven is a 1978 BBC musical drama serial written by Dennis Potter. The title is taken from the song "Pennies from Heaven" written by Johnny Burke and Arthur Johnston. It was one of several Potter serials (another being "The Singing Detective") to mix the reality of the drama with a dark fantasy content, and the earliest of his works where the characters burst into extended performances of popular songs.

Title: ShakespeaRe-Told

ShakespeaRe-Told is the umbrella title for a series of four television adaptations of William Shakespeare's plays broadcast on BBC One during November 2005. In a similar manner to the 2003 production of "The Canterbury Tales", each play is adapted by a different writer, and relocated to the present day. The plays were produced in collaboration by BBC Northern Ireland and the central BBC drama department. In August 2006 the four films aired on BBC America.

Title: Harry Lloyd

Harry Charles Salusbury Lloyd (born 17 November 1983) is an English actor. He is known for his roles as Will Scarlet in the 2006 BBC drama "Robin Hood", Jeremy Baines in the 2007 "Doctor Who" episodes "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood", and Viserys Targaryen in the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He has also appeared on stage, and in films including "The Theory of Everything" and "Anthropoid".

Title: Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy

Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy is an interview series shown on BBC Four. In the series, Dawn French interviewed some of the most prolific comedians of the century from Phyllis Diller to Catherine Tate and asked about life, love, family and comedy. The series was shown as three episodes featuring clips from French's various interviews with different comedians, however, from 25 to 30 December 2006 BBC Four showed six full interviews of 20–30 minutes. They are (in order of re-broadcast on BBC Four) Whoopi Goldberg, Catherine Tate, Kathy Burke, Julie Walters, Victoria Wood and Joan Rivers. This is one of the last interviews done with the late comedian Linda Smith. Each episode ends with a tribute to Linda Smith.

Title: Cheryl Campbell

Cheryl Campbell (born 22 May 1949) is an English actor of stage, film and television. She starred opposite Bob Hoskins in the 1978 BBC drama "Pennies From Heaven", before going on to win the 1980 BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for "Testament of Youth" and "Malice Aforethought", and the 1982 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Revival for "A Doll's House". Her film appearances include "Chariots of Fire" (1981), "" (1984) and "The Shooting Party" (1985).

Title: Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa!

Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa! is a 2006 BBC Four television play starring Michael Sheen as the English comic actor Kenneth Williams, based on Williams' own diaries. Cheryl Campbell plays Williams's beloved mother, Lou.

Title: Pennies from Heaven (1981 film)

Pennies from Heaven is a 1981 American musical romantic drama film adapted from a 1978 BBC television drama. Dennis Potter adapted his own screenplay from the BBC series for American audiences, changing its setting from London and the Forest of Dean to Depression-era Chicago and rural Illinois.

Title: Miss USA 1973

Miss USA 1973, the 22nd Miss USA pageant, was televised live by CBS from Broadway Theatre, New York City, New York on May 19, 1973, Hosted by Bob Barker who 8 months earlier began hosting The Price Is Right on CBS.

Title: Shawnae Jebbia

Jebbia won the Miss Massachusetts USA title in 1997, in her first attempt at a pageant title. She went on to represent Massachusetts in the Miss USA 1998 pageant, becoming that state's first Miss USA winner. Whilst Jebbia had little prior experience, her first runner-up Shauna Gambill had previously held the Miss Teen USA 1994 title. Jebbia's "sister" titleholder, Miss Massachusetts Teen USA 1998 Susie Castillo, went on to hold the Miss Massachusetts USA title and became Massachusetts' second Miss USA titleholder in 2003.

Title: Miss USA 1956

Miss USA 1956, the fifth edition of Miss USA was held on 18 July 1956, at Long Beach Municipal Auditorium, Long Beach, California. They had 43 young ladies in the competition. Miss Iowa USA, Carol Morris, won the competition and later became Miss Universe. She became the first contestant from Iowa to win the Miss USA competition. She was crowned by Miss USA 1955, Carlene King Johnson of Vermont.

Title: Miss USA 1968

Miss USA 1968, the 17th Miss USA pageant, was televised live by CBS from Miami Beach, Florida on May 18, 1968 hosted by Bob Barker.

Title: Bob Barker

Robert William Barker (born December 12, 1923) is an American former television game show host. He is known for hosting CBS's "The Price Is Right" from 1972 to 2007, making it the longest-running daytime game show in North American television history, and for hosting "Truth or Consequences" from 1956 to 1974.

Title: Dorothy Anstett

Anstett competed in the Miss Washington pageant in July 1967 and placed first runner-up. In April of the following year she won the Miss Washington USA 1968 crown title. She won the Miss USA 1968 title on May 19, 1968 and represented the United States at Miss Universe 1968 in July, where she placed fourth runner-up.

Title: Miss USA 1967

Miss USA 1967, the 16th Miss USA pageant, was won by Sylvia Hitchcock of Alabama. She was crowned by Miss USA 1966, Maria Remenyi of California. It took place on the Miami Beach Auditorium in Miami Beach, Florida. Hitchcock won Miss Universe later and her 2nd runner-up Cheryl Patton later becames Miss USA because the 1st runner-up refused the title.

Title: Tanya Wilson

Wilson placed second runner-up in the Miss Nevada pageant in 1969 and also competed in 1970. After moving to Honolulu with her mother, Wilson won the Miss Hawaii USA title in early May 1972. Two weeks later she represented her state in the Miss USA 1972 pageant, held in Dorado, Puerto Rico and won the Miss USA title. She was crowned by Michele McDonald of Pennsylvania, Miss USA 1971. Wilson was the second of four women from Hawaii to win the Miss USA title.

Title: Miss Montana USA

The Miss Montana USA competition is the pageant that selects the representative for the state of Montana in the Miss USA pageant. Montana is one of the least successful states in Miss USA history, but there has been success in other pageants. Miss Montana USA 2005 Amanda Kimmel was chosen to represent the United States in the 2005 Miss Earth  pageant. Although she failed to place at Miss USA, Kimmel finished in the top 8 at Miss Earth. The current titleholder is Dani Walker of Billings.

Title: List of Crash Bandicoot video games

"Crash Bandicoot" is a video game series created by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin. It is published by Activision, Sierra Entertainment, Vivendi Universal Games, Konami, Universal Interactive Studios, and Sony Computer Entertainment, with entries developed by Polarbit, Radical Entertainment, Vicarious Visions, Traveller's Tales, Eurocom, and Naughty Dog. The series debuted in 1996 with the Sony PlayStation video game "Crash Bandicoot", premiered in North America on September 9, 1996. Most "Crash Bandicoot" games have either been platform games or released for Sony consoles and handhelds.

Title: Hoyle Puzzle Games 2005

Hoyle Puzzle Games 2005 is a 2005 puzzle video game published by Sierra Entertainment. "Hoyle Puzzle Games 2005" was released in US on January 1, 2005.

Title: World in Conflict

World in Conflict is a 2007 real-time strategy (RTS) video game developed by the Swedish video game company Massive Entertainment and published by Sierra Entertainment for Microsoft Windows. The game was released in September 2007, receiving generally favorable reviews and several awards. The game is considered by some to be the spiritual successor of "Ground Control", another game by Massive Entertainment, and is generally conceived by its designers to be a real-time tactical game, despite being marketed as a RTS game.

Title: F.E.A.R.

F.E.A.R. First Encounter Assault Recon is a survival horror first-person shooter video game developed by Monolith Productions and published by Sierra Entertainment. It was released on October 17, 2005, for Microsoft Windows, and ported by Day 1 Studios to the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. TimeGate Studios has released two expansion packs, "F.E.A.R. Extraction Point" in October 2006, and "F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate" in November 2007. A direct sequel titled "", was released in February 2009, and a second sequel, "F.3. A.R.", was released in June 2011, though it was developed by Day 1 Studios (now known as Wargaming Chicago-Baltimore), not by Monolith Productions.

Title: Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions

Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions is a 2014 multidirectional shooter video game developed by Lucid Games and published by Activision under the Sierra Entertainment brand name. The game was released on November 25, 2014 for Microsoft Windows, OS X, GNU/Linux, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4, on November 26, 2014 for Xbox 360 and Xbox One and in the middle of 2015 for iOS and Android. "Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions" is the first Sierra video game not to be owned by their former owner Vivendi. It is the sixth installment in the "Geometry Wars" series, and the first one developed after the creator of the series Bizarre Creations was shut down by Activision.

Title: Roberta Williams

Roberta Williams (born February 16, 1953) is an American video game designer, writer, and a co-founder of Sierra On-Line (later known as Sierra Entertainment), who developed her first game while living in Simi Valley, California. She is most famous for her pioneering work in the field of graphic adventure games with titles such as "Mystery House", the "King's Quest" series, and "Phantasmagoria". She is married to Ken Williams and retired from her career in 1999. Roberta Williams is one of the most influential PC game designers of the 1980s and 1990s, and has been credited with creating the graphic adventure genre.

Title: Crash: Mind over Mutant

Crash: Mind over Mutant is a platform video game published by Activision in North America and by Sierra Entertainment internationally and developed by Vancouver-based Radical Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable (ported by Virtuos), Wii and Xbox 360. The Nintendo DS version of the game was developed by TOSE. It was released in North America on October 7, 2008 and was later released in Europe and Australia on October 31. It is the second game in the series not to have a Japanese release, after "Crash of the Titans".

Title: Crash of the Titans

Crash of the Titans is a platform game published by Sierra Entertainment and developed by Vancouver-based Radical Entertainment for the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable (ported by SuperVillain Studios), Wii and Xbox 360. The Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS versions of the game were developed by Amaze Entertainment. The game was first released in North America on October 3, 2007, in Europe on October 12, 2007 and in Australia on October 25, 2007. It is the first game in the "Crash Bandicoot" series not to have a Japanese release.

Title: Alma Wade

Alma Wade is a major antagonist and key figure in the "F.E.A.R." series of first-person shooter horror video games by Monolith Productions, introduced in "F.E.A.R." in 2005. The mystery of Alma is the very core of the series.

Title: Hoyle Casino

Hoyle Casino is a virtual casino video game published by Encore, Inc. It was previously published by Sierra Entertainment for a variety of different platforms, including Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Sega Dreamcast, and Game Boy Color.

Title: Tom Hollander

Thomas Anthony Hollander (born 25 August 1967) is an English actor. He began his career in theatre, winning the Ian Charleson Award in 1992 for his performance as Witwoud in "The Way of the World" at the Lyric Hammersmith Theatre. He is known for his roles in comedic films such as "Pirates of the Caribbean" and "In the Loop" and drama films such as "Enigma", "Pride & Prejudice", "Gosford Park", and "Hanna". He played the lead role in the sitcom "Rev.", which won the British Academy Television Award for best sitcom in 2011. He also played the lead in the ITV's "Doctor Thorne" and won the BAFTA Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role as Major Lance "Corky" Corkoran in the BBC series "The Night Manager".

Title: Robert Glenister

Robert Lewis Glenister (born 11th March 1960) is an English actor known for his roles as con man Ash "Three Socks" Morgan in the BBC television series "Hustle" and Nicholas Blake in the BBC spy drama "Spooks".

Title: Tom Burke (actor)

Tom Liam Benedict Burke (born 30 June 1981) is an English actor. He is best known for his role as Athos in the BBC series "The Musketeers" (2014–2016), as Dolokhov in the BBC literary-adaptation miniseries "War & Peace" and most recently for his role as the titular character Cormoran Strike in the BBC series "Strike" (2017).

Title: Steven Hartley

Steven Hartley (born 12 August 1960, in Shipley) is an English actor known internationally for his television, film and theatre roles. He has appeared in over 40 principle and leading roles on television and film since 1985, including "EastEnders", "The Bill", "The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles", "Rumble", "Strictly Confidential", "Badboys", "Trial & Retribution", "Sharman", "Holby City", "Casualty", "Doctors", "Pie in the Sky", "The Cut", "Agatha Christie's Marple", "Merlin", "Married... with Children", "The Borgias", "Vera" alongside Brenda Blethyn, "Ripper Street", and the acclaimed BBC series "Happy Valley" and "Silent Witness" in 2015.

Title: Close to the Enemy

Close to the Enemy is a British period drama miniseries set in the late 1940s in London. It is written and directed by Stephen Poliakoff, starring Jim Sturgess, Freddie Highmore, Charlotte Riley, Phoebe Fox, Alfred Molina, Lindsay Duncan, August Diehl, Alfie Allen, Angela Bassett, Antje Traue, Lily G and Robert Glenister. It premiered in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on 10 November 2016.

Title: Mark Williams (actor)

Mark Williams (born 22 August 1959) is an English actor, screenwriter and presenter. He is best known as Arthur Weasley in the "Harry Potter" films, and as one of the stars of the popular BBC sketch show "The Fast Show". He also played Brian Williams (father of Rory Williams) in the BBC series "Doctor Who", and Olaf Petersen in "Red Dwarf". More recently he has appeared as the title character in the BBC series "Father Brown".

Title: Caroline Hayes

Caroline Hayes is an English actress currently working and living in London. She has appeared on stage and television in the UK and Canada, most notably in the BBC series "The Sins", alongside Pete Postlethwaite and Geraldine James, and Servants, another BBC series featuring Joe Absolom. She also starred in the highly acclaimed Donmar Warehouse production of "The Real Thing" by Tom Stoppard alongside Steven Dillane and Jennifer Ehle. In the North American market, she had a supporting role in two episodes of the Canadian science fiction TV series "Starhunter".

Title: Peter Barkworth

Peter Wynn Barkworth (14 January 1929 – 21 October 2006) was an English actor. He twice won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor; for "Crown Matrimonial" in 1975 and for "Professional Foul" and "The Country Party" in 1978. He also starred in the ITV series "Manhunt" (1970) and the BBC series "Telford's Change" (1979). His film appearances included "Where Eagles Dare" (1968), "Patton" (1970), "International Velvet" (1978) and "Champions" (1984).

Title: Andrew Burt

Andrew Burt (born 23 May 1945 in Wakefield, England) is a retired English actor, who has appeared in many British TV drama series from the 1970s to the present day. He is perhaps best known as the original Jack Sugden in "Emmerdale Farm", a role he played from 1972 to 1974 (with a brief return in 1976), before handing over the character to another actor, Clive Hornby. He played the brother of Lesley Whittle in the 1977 film "The Black Panther", and had the eponymous starring role in the BBC series "The Legend of King Arthur" (1979).

Title: Tony Booth (actor)

Anthony George Booth (9 October 1931 – 25 September 2017, later known as Tony and Antony) was an English actor, best known for his role as Mike Rawlins in the BBC series "Till Death Us Do Part", and as the father-in-law of the former Prime Minister, Tony Blair.

Title: Split Rock Lighthouse State Park

Split Rock Lighthouse State Park is a state park of Minnesota on the North Shore of Lake Superior. It is best known for the picturesque Split Rock Lighthouse, one of the most photographed lighthouses in the United States. Built by the United States Lighthouse Service in 1910, the lighthouse and some adjacent buildings have been restored and the Minnesota Historical Society operates them as a museum. The 2200 acre state park offers a unique cart-in campground and scenic trails for hiking, cross-country skiing, and bicycling.

Title: Baldred Rock

Baldred Rock ( ) is a rock in Fitchie Bay at Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands. It lies close off the south side of Ferrier Peninsula, 0.75 nmi east-southeast of Graptolite Island. This rock was mapped by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under William Speirs Bruce, 1902–04, and was later named "Bass Rock" owing to its likeness to the Bass Rock in Scotland. The name Bass Rock has also appeared on charts as an alternative name for an island in the Joinville Island group. To avoid confusion of these names, in 1954 the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee recommended an entirely new name for the rock at Fitchie Bay. Baldred Rock is named after Saint Baldred, the first hermit known to have lived on the Scottish Bass Rock.

Title: Black Rock Harbor Light

Black Rock Harbor Light, also known as Fayerweather Island Light, is a lighthouse in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States which stands on the south end of Fayerweather Island and marks the entrance to Black Rock Harbor. The first lighthouse at the site, built by Abisha Woodward under contract with the United States government, was a wooden tower that was lit and made operational by 1808. A storm destroyed the tower in 1821 and the current, stone lighthouse was erected in its place in 1823. The Black Rock Harbor Light was an active navigational aid until 1933 when it was replaced by two automatic lights offshore. The beacon was subsequently given to the City of Bridgeport in 1934. Two significant efforts during the 1980s and 1990s served to restore the aging tower and the light was relit as a non-navigational aid in 2000. Black Rock Lighthouse is listed as a contributing property for Bridgeport's Seaside Park historic district.

Title: Bass Rock Lighthouse

The Bass Rock Lighthouse on Bass Rock is a 20 m lighthouse, built in 1902 by David Stevenson, who demolished the 13th-century keep, or governor's house, and some other buildings within the castle for the stone. The commissioners of the Northern Lighthouse Board decided that a lighthouse should be erected on the Bass Rock in July 1897 along with another light at Barns Ness near Dunbar. The cost of constructing the Bass Rock light was £8,087, a light first being shone from the rock on the evening of 1 November 1902. It has been unmanned since 1988 and is remotely monitored from the board’s headquarters in Edinburgh. Until the automation the lighthouse was lit by incandescent gas obtained from vaporised paraffin oil converted into a bunsen gas for heating a mantle. Since that time a new biform ML300 synchronised bifilament 20-watt electric lamp has been used.

Title: Split Rock Lighthouse

Split Rock Lighthouse is a lighthouse located southwest of Silver Bay, Minnesota, USA on the North Shore of Lake Superior. The structure was designed by lighthouse engineer Ralph Russell Tinkham and was completed in 1910 by the United States Lighthouse Service at a cost of $75,000, including the buildings and the land. It is considered one of the most picturesque lighthouses in the United States.

Title: New Brighton Lighthouse

New Brighton Lighthouse or Perch Rock Lighthouse, is a decommissioned lighthouse situated at the confluence of the River Mersey and Liverpool Bay on an outcrop off New Brighton known locally as Perch Rock. Together with its neighbour, the Napoleonic era Fort Perch Rock, it is one of the Wirral's best known landmarks.

Title: Bass Rock

The Bass Rock, or simply the Bass ( ), is an island in the outer part of the Firth of Forth in the east of Scotland. Approximately 2 km offshore, and 5 km north-east of North Berwick, it is a steep-sided volcanic rock, 107 m at its highest point, and is home to a large colony of gannets. The rock is uninhabited, but historically has been settled by an early Christian hermit, and later was the site of an important castle, which after the Commonwealth period was used as a prison. The island belongs to Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, whose family acquired it in 1706, and before to the Lauder family for almost six centuries. The Bass Rock Lighthouse was constructed on the rock in 1902, and the remains of an ancient chapel survive.

Title: Halfway Rock Light

Halfway Rock Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on a barren ledge in Casco Bay, Maine. The lighthouse tower, which has a height of 76 ft , and the attached ex-boathouse are all that remain, as the other buildings have been taken away in storms. The name "Halfway Rock" comes from the position of the rock which is halfway between Cape Elizabeth and Cape Small, the southwest and northeast extremities of Casco Bay, which are about 18 nmi apart.

Title: Ida Lewis Rock Light

Ida Lewis Lighthouse, which was formerly the Lime Rock Lighthouse, is in the Newport harbor in Rhode Island. It is named after Ida Lewis, who lived and worked at the lighthouse from 1857 and was the official lighthouse keeper from 1879 until her death in 1911. She was celebrated for many acts of bravery in saving lives.

Title: Canty Bay

Canty Bay is a coastal hamlet off the A198, in East Lothian, Scotland, situated opposite the Bass Rock and Tantallon Castle. Settlements nearby include Auldhame, Scoughall, Seacliff, and the Peffer Sands.

Title: Column of the Goths

The Column of the Goths (Turkish: "Gotlar Sütunu" ) is Roman victory column dating to the third or fourth century A.D. It stands in what is now Gülhane Park, Istanbul, Turkey.

Title: Lyceum Theatre (Park Avenue South)

The Lyceum Theatre was a theatre in New York City located on Fourth Avenue, now Park Avenue South, between 23rd and 24th Streets in Manhattan. It was built in 1885 and operated until 1902, when it was torn down to make way for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower. It was replaced by a new Lyceum Theatre on 45th Street. For most of its existence, the theatre was home to Daniel Frohman’s Lyceum Theatre Stock Company, which presented many important plays and actors of the day.

Title: Procession Kiosk

The Procession Kiosk (Turkish: "Alay Köşkü" ) is a 16th-century historical building on the outer walls of the Gülhane Park next to Topkapı Palace in Istanbul, Turkey. It was used by the Ottoman sultans to receive the salute of processing janissary as well as a pleasure local. The building is situated across the Sublime Porte.

Title: Soğukçeşme Sokağı

Soğukçeşme Sokağı (literally: Street of the Cold Fountain) is a small street with historic houses in the Sultanahmet neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, sandwiched in-between the Hagia Sophia and Topkapı Palace. The car-free zone street is named after the fountain situated at its end towards Gülhane Park.

Title: İstanbul Archaeology Museums

The Istanbul Archaeology Museums (Turkish: "" ) is a group of three archeological museums located in the Eminönü district of Istanbul, Turkey, near Gülhane Park and Topkapı Palace.

Title: Gülhane Park

Gülhane Park (Turkish: "Gülhane Parkı" , "Rosehouse Park"; from Persian: "Gulkhāna", "house of flowers") is a historical urban park in the Eminönü district of Istanbul, Turkey; it is located adjacent to and on the grounds of the Topkapı Palace. The south entrance of the park sports one of the larger gates of the palace. It is the oldest and one of the most expansive public parks in Istanbul.

Title: Sarayburnu

Sarayburnu (Turkish: "Sarayburnu" , meaning "Cape Palace"; known in English as the Seraglio Point) is a promontory quarter separating the Golden Horn and the Sea of Marmara in Istanbul, Turkey. The area is where the renowned Topkapı Palace and Gülhane Park stand. Sarayburnu is included in the historic areas of Istanbul, added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1985.

Title: Zografeion Lyceum

Zografeion Lyceum (Turkish: "Özel Zoğrafyon Rum Lisesi" , Greek: Ζωγράφειον Λύκειον ) is one of the remaining open Greek schools in Istanbul. The school is in the Istanbul city centre in the Beyoğlu district and very close to the Taksim Square, which is considered the heart of the city.

Title: İstanbul Sirkeci Terminal

Istanbul Sirkeci Terminal, also known as Istanbul Terminal (Turkish: "Sirkeci Garı" ), is a railway terminal in Istanbul. The terminal is located on the tip of Istanbul's historic peninsula right next to the Golden Horn and just northwest of Gülhane Park and the famous Topkapı Palace. Sirkeci Terminal, along with Haydarpaşa Terminal on the other side of the Bosphorus, are Istanbul's two intercity and commuter railway terminals. Built in 1890 by the Oriental Railway as the eastern terminus of the world-famous Orient Express, Sirkeci Terminal has become a symbol of the city. As of 19 March 2013 service to the station had been indefinitely suspended due to the rehabilitation of the existing line between Kazlıçeşme and Halkalı for the new Marmaray commuter rail line. On 29 October 2013, a new underground station opened to the public and is currently serviced by Marmaray trains travelling across the Bosphorus. Sirkeci Terminal has a total of 4 platforms (3 above, 1 underground) with 7 tracks (5 above, 2 underground). Formerly, commuter trains to Halkalı would depart from tracks 2, 3 and 4 while regional trains to Kapıkule, Edirne and Uzunköprü along with international trains to Bucharest, Sofia and Belgrade would depart from tracks 1 and 5.

Title: Tiled Kiosk

The Tiled Kiosk (Turkish: "Çinili Köşk" ) is a pavilion set within the outer walls of Topkapı Palace and dates from 1472 as shown on the tile inscript above the main entrance. It was built by the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II as a pleasure palace or kiosk. It is located in the most outer parts of the palace, next to Gülhane Park. It was also called " Glazed Kiosk" ("Sırça Köşk").

Title: Albert Pierrepoint

Albert Pierrepoint ( ; 30 March 1905 – 10 July 1992) was a long-serving hangman in England. He executed at least 400 people, including William Joyce ("Lord Haw-Haw") and John Amery. In Germany and Austria, after the Second World War, he executed some 200 people who had been convicted of war crimes. In England, Pierrepoint hanged Timothy Evans for a crime committed by his neighbour John Christie, who was also hanged by Pierrepoint.

Title: Ban Khor Sign Language

Ban Khor Sign Language (BKSL) is a village sign language used by at least 400 people of a rice-farming community in the village of Ban Khor in a remote area of Isan (northeastern Thailand). Known locally as "pasa kidd" ('language of the mute'), it developed in the 1930s due to a high number of deaf people. Estimated number of users in 2009 was 16 deaf and approximately 400 hearing out of 2741 villagers. It is a language isolate, independent of the other sign languages of Thailand such as Old Bangkok Sign Language and the national Thai Sign Language.

Title: Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1597

The Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1597 was a series of nationwide witch trials that took place in the whole of Scotland from March to October 1597. At least 400 people were put on trial for witchcraft and various forms of diabolism during the witch hunt. The exact number of those executed is unknown, but is believed to be about 200. The Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1597 was the second of five nationwide witch hunts in Scottish history, the others being The Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1590–91, The Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1628–1631, The Great Scottish witch hunt of 1649–50 and The Great Scottish Witch Hunt of 1661–62.

Title: Hurricane Hazel

Hurricane Hazel was the deadliest and costliest hurricane of the 1954 Atlantic hurricane season. The storm killed at least 400 people in Haiti before striking the United States near the border between North and South Carolina, as a Category 4 hurricane. After causing 95 fatalities in the US, Hazel struck Canada as an extratropical storm, raising the death toll by 81 people, mostly in Toronto. As a result of the high death toll and the damage caused by Hazel, its name was retired from use for North Atlantic hurricanes.

Title: John Amery

John Amery (14 March 1912 – 19 December 1945) was a British fascist who proposed to the Wehrmacht the formation of a British volunteer force (that subsequently became the British Free Corps) and made recruitment efforts and propaganda broadcasts for Nazi Germany. Because of such activities he was executed for treason after the war.

Title: 1984 Soviet Union tornado outbreak

The 1984 Soviet Union tornado outbreak, also known as the 1984 Ivanovo tornado outbreak, was one of only three disastrous tornado outbreaks in modern Russian history (one of the others being the 1904 Moscow tornado) and the third-deadliest tornado outbreak in European history. Occurring on June 9, 1984, the outbreak struck the Ivanovo and Yaroslavl regions north of Moscow, an area over 400,000 km. At least two of the eleven known tornadoes were violent events, equal to F4 or F5 in intensity on the Fujita scale, based upon observed damages. The deadliest single tornado was posthumously rated at F5 intensity and killed at least 92 people along its long path near Ivanovo and other towns. The tornado, up to 800 m wide, caused extreme damage, reportedly annihilating steel-reinforced concrete structures and throwing heavy objects of 320000 kg for distances up to 200 m . Another tornado, assessed to have been at least F4 and possibly F5 in intensity, occurred at Kostroma. Severe thunderstorms also produced hail up to 1 kg in weight, among the heaviest hailstones confirmed worldwide. In all, the entire tornado outbreak killed at least 400 people and injured 213.

Title: Eddy Brown

Edwin Brown (28 February 1926 – 12 July 2012) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward. He played professionally for a number of clubs, but the peak of his career was spent with Birmingham City during their most successful period in the 1950s. Over a professional career of nearly 400 appearances in the Football League, he scored at a rate of very nearly one goal every two games. He was a pioneer of the goal celebration.

Title: Edwin Brown (actor)

He had a lengthy career in television, often playing policemen or similar roles. His film roles included a prison warder in the comedy "Two-Way Stretch" (1960), and Albert Pierrepoint, the hangman, in "10 Rillington Place" (1971).

Title: Mitch Brown (rugby league)

Mitchell Ronald Edwin Brown (born 7 November 1987 in Sutherland, New South Wales) is an Australian professional footballer who currently plays for the Leigh Centurions in the Super League. He previously played for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs, Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks and Wests Tigers.

Title: Handicraft Guild Building

The Handicraft Guild Building is located at 89 10th Street South, Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. It was designed in 1907 by architect William Channing Whitney in the Georgian Revival/Arts & Crafts style to house The Handicraft Guild. An addition to the Handicraft Guild was designed in 1914 by architects Edwin Hawley Hewitt and Edwin Brown at 1000-1006 Marquette Avenue South Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Title: EICAR test file

The EICAR Anti-Virus Test File or EICAR test file is a computer file that was developed by the European Institute for Computer Antivirus Research (EICAR) and Computer Antivirus Research Organization (CARO), to test the response of computer antivirus (AV) programs. Instead of using real malware, which could cause real damage, this test file allows people to test anti-virus software without having to use a real computer virus.

Title: Imposs

Stanley Rimsky Salgado known by his stage name Imposs is a Canadian rapper of Haitian origin based in Quebec. Before becoming a solo artist, he was part of Muzion, one of the well-known hip hop bands of Quebec. He has collaborated on many occasions with Wyclef Jean during Muzion days and as a solo artist. He is also well known for dubbing the phrase "Real City" for Montreal. He is signed to the K.Pone.Inc music label.

Title: Real Damage

Real Damage is a Split EP of American indie rock band Gossip and Electropop solo artist Tracy + the Plastics, it was released on January 25, 2005.

Title: Luba (singer)

Luba (born Lubomyra Kowalchyk (Ukrainian: Любомира Ковальчук ), April 24, 1958, Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter and recording artist of Ukrainian descent. She was commercially active from 1980 to 1990, 2000 to 2001 and is active again from 2007 to present. She was initially the vocalist for a band named "Luba" before signing as a solo artist under that name. She has released five full-length albums and two EPs as a solo artist. (Two albums were released as a member of a band – 1973's Zorya, (Via Zorya) and 1980's "Chain Reaction" – with a band named "Luba".) Two of her albums are certified platinum by the Canadian music industry (sales in excess of 100,000 units). She has nine top-40 hits on the Canadian pop charts. Her signature song is "Everytime I See Your Picture" (1983). Her most successful song is a cover of Percy Sledge's "When a Man Loves a Woman" which reached No. 6 on the Canadian pop chart and No. 3 on the Canadian adult contemporary chart (1987). She is a three-time winner of the Canadian music industry Juno Award for Female Vocalist of the Year (1985–1987). Her success is limited to her native Canada as she has never charted in the US or elsewhere. In addition to her Juno Awards, Luba has also received CASBY and Félix Awards, and a Black Music Association Award for "Female Entertainer of the Year". Most recently, her music has been featured on "Canadian Idol". She continues to record music under her own independent label.

Title: Bill LaBounty

Bill LaBounty is an American musician. He was initially a singer-songwriter in the soft rock genre, first as a member of the band Fat Chance, and later as a solo artist. As a solo artist, LaBounty recorded six studio albums, including four on Curb Records/Warner Bros. Records. His first chart single, "This Night Won't Last Forever", was covered in 1979 by Michael Johnson, whose rendition was a Top 20 pop hit that year.

Title: Hum Award for Best Solo Artist

The Hum Award for Best Solo Artist is one of the Hum Awards presented annually by the Hum Television Network and Entertainment Channel (HTNEC) to best Music Artist who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the Music industry. Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Solo Artist. Nominations are made by Hum members who are artists and composers, and the winners are chosen by the Hum membership as a whole. .

Title: Electropop

Electropop is a variant of synth-pop that places more emphasis on a harder, electronic sound. The genre has seen a revival of popularity and influence since the 2000s.

Title: San Miguel (volcano)

San Miguel (also known as Volcán Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador, approximately 15 km southwest of the city of San Miguel. On January 16, 2002, a minor eruption of steam, gas, and ash occurred from the summit crater, lasting 3 hours but causing no real damage to life or property. Carbon dioxide emissions had been monitored since November 2001, and their steady increase continued to build up until the eruption.

Title: The Real Damage

The Real Damage is the second EP by UK singer-songwriter Frank Turner. It was released via Xtra Mile Recordings on 7 May 2007 and features all newly recorded songs with exception of the title track.

Title: List of Kelly Rowland live performances

American recording artist Kelly Rowland has embarked on eight concert tours during her career, six of which as a solo artist, including three of her own, two as a collaborative act and one as an opening act. In her six solo live tours and notable events dates, she has performed as a solo singer in over 119 shows in six continents through twenty-one countries: in Asia (China, Japan, Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore), in Africa (Nigeria), in Europe (Germany, United Kingdom, France, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, Denmark, Monaco), in North America (United States, Canada and The Bahamas), in South America (Brazil) and in Oceania (Australia, and the US State of Hawaii). Throughout a career spanning 18 years, Rowland has sold over 40 million records as a solo artist with four studio albums, two compilation albums, one box set, two extended plays and forty-three singles, including nineteen as a featured artist and five promotional singles, and a further 60 million records with Destiny's Child. Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including four Grammy Awards, a Billboard Music Award and a Soul Train Music Award. Rowland has also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame with Destiny's Child, and as a solo artist she has been honored by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and "Essence" for her contributions to music. In 2014, Fuse ranked Rowland in their "100 Most Award-Winning Artists" list at number 20.

Title: Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film)

Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Frank Oz and starring Steve Martin, Michael Caine and Glenne Headly. The screenplay was written by Dale Launer, Stanley Shapiro, and Paul Henning. It is a remake of the Shapiro and Henning script for the 1964 Marlon Brando/David Niven film "Bedtime Story".

Title: Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen

Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen is a 2004 American teen musical comedy film directed by Sara Sugarman and produced by Robert Shapiro and Matthew Hart for Walt Disney Pictures. It stars Lindsay Lohan as an aspiring teenaged actress whose family moves from New York City to New Jersey, Adam Garcia as her favorite rock musician, Glenne Headly as her mother, and Alison Pill as her best friend. The screenplay was written by Gail Parent and is based on the novel of the same name by Dyan Sheldon.

Title: De Palma (film)

De Palma is a 2015 American documentary film directed by Noah Baumbach and Jake Paltrow about the director and screenwriter Brian De Palma. It world premiered, out of competition, at the 72nd edition of the Venice Film Festival.

Title: We Married Margo

We Married Margo is a 2000 American independent comedy film directed by J. David Shapiro and co-written by Shapiro and William Dozier. The film tells a story of two friends who were married to the same woman and is loosely based on real events in that Shapiro and Dozier actually met after dating the same woman named Margaux. The film was awarded the "Audience Award for Comedy Film of the Year" at the 2000 The Comedy Festival (formerly known as the "US Comedy Arts Festival") and was nominated for the "Grand Jury Prize" at the Slamdance Film Festival the same year.

Title: Battlefield Earth (film)

Battlefield Earth (also referred to as Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000) is a 2000 American science fiction action film based upon the first half of L. Ron Hubbard's 1982 novel of the same name. Directed by Roger Christian and starring John Travolta, Barry Pepper and Forest Whitaker, the film depicts an Earth that has been under the rule of the alien Psychlos for 1,000 years and tells the story of the rebellion that develops when the Psychlos attempt to use the surviving humans as gold miners.

Title: Avalanche (1994 film)

Avalanche is a 1994 CTV made-for-television disaster thriller film directed by Paul Shapiro and starring Michael Gross, Deanna Milligan, Myles Ferguson and David Hasselhoff as main characters. The film was shot in British Columbia, Canada.

Title: Natalie Gold

Natalie Gold is an American actress who has appeared in film, television, and stage productions, including on Broadway. She is perhaps best known for playing Julia Harwell on the TV show "Rubicon", and she has appeared in many films including "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead", "I Don't Know How She Does It", "Love & Other Drugs". She has performed opposite Jake Gyllenhall, Naomi Watts, Cynthia Nixon, and she has been directed by Sidney Lumet. Gold grew up in Miami, Florida and studied theatre at the New World School of the Arts and at Emerson College.

Title: Robin Hood: Men in Tights

Robin Hood: Men in Tights is a 1993 American musical adventure comedy film and a parody of the Robin Hood story. The film was produced and directed by Mel Brooks, co-written by Brooks, Evan Chandler, and J. David Shapiro based on a story by Chandler and Shapiro, and stars Cary Elwes, Richard Lewis, and Dave Chappelle in his film debut. It includes frequent comedic references to previous "Robin Hood" films (particularly "", upon which the plot is loosely structured, Disney's "Robin Hood", and the 1938 Errol Flynn adaptation, "The Adventures of Robin Hood").

Title: Brothers at War

Brothers at War is a 2009 documentary film directed by Jake Rademacher and produced by Rademacher and Norman S. Powell. The film follows several US soldiers in the Iraq War. The film's executive producers are actor, director, and Presidential Citizens Medal recipient Gary Sinise and Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service recipient David Scantling. "Brothers at War" won the Best Documentary Feature Award at the 2008 GI Film Festival. The film features an original score by Lee Holdridge and an original song--"Brothers in Arms"—by John Ondrasik of Five for Fighting.

Title: J. David Shapiro

Jake David Shapiro, also known as J. D. Shapiro (born March 18, 1969), is an American filmmaker and stand-up comedian. Shapiro is best known as the original screenwriter of the film "" and for writing the screenplay adaptation of L. Ron Hubbard's novel "Battlefield Earth".

Title: Frithwald

Frithwald (Old English: "Friþuweald" or "Friðewald"; d. 762 × 764) was an Anglo-Saxon Bishop of Whithorn. The version of the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" in the "Worcester Chronicle" says that in 735 he succeeded Pehthelm, after the latter's death, as Bishop of Whithorn. The only other source for Frithwald is the entry in versions D and E of the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" which, "sub anno" 762, relate that:Frithwald, bishop at Whithorn, died on the Nones of May [May 7]. He was consecrated at Chester on the eighteenth before the Kalends of September [August 15], in the sixth winter of Ceolwulf's kingship [734/5]; and he was bishop twenty-nine winters<br>"Friþuweald biscop æt Hwiterne forðferde on Nonas Maius, se wæs gehalgod on Ceastre on . xviii. Kalendas September þam . vi. wintra Ceolwulfes rices, 7 he wæs biscop . xxix. wintra". If the Worcester source is correct, that would put his death in 764; the entry is also sometimes thought to cover the year 763.

Title: Kings of the Angles

The Angles were a dominant Germanic tribe in the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain, and gave their name to the English, England and to the region of East Anglia. Originally from Angeln, present-day Schleswig-Holstein, a legendary list of their kings has been preserved in the heroic poems "Widsith" and "Beowulf", and the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle".

Title: The Dragon (Beowulf)

The final act of the Anglo-Saxon poem "Beowulf" is about the hero Beowulf's fight with a dragon, the third monster he encounters in the epic. On his return from Heorot, where he killed Grendel and Grendel's mother, Beowulf becomes king of the Geats and rules peacefully for fifty winters until a slave awakens and angers a dragon by stealing a jewelled cup from its lair in order to gain freedom from killing his brother. When the angry dragon mercilessly burns the Geats' homes and lands, Beowulf decides to fight and kill the monster personally. He and his thanes climb to the dragon's lair where, upon seeing the beast, the thanes flee in terror, leaving only Wiglaf to battle at Beowulf's side. When the dragon wounds Beowulf fatally, Wiglaf slays it.

Title: Battle of Brunanburh (poem)

The Battle of Brunanburh is an Old English poem. It is preserved in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle", a historical record of events in Anglo-Saxon England which was kept from the late ninth to the mid-twelfth century. The poem records the Battle of Brunanburh, a battle fought in 937 between an English army and a combined army of Scots, Vikings, and Britons. The battle resulted in an English victory, celebrated by the poem in style and language like that of traditional Old English battle poetry. The poem is notable because of those traditional elements and has been praised for its authentic tone, but it is also remarkable for its fiercely nationalistic tone, which documents the development of a unified England ruled by the House of Wessex.

Title: Widsith

Widsith is an Old English poem of 143 lines. The poem survives only in the Exeter Book, a manuscript of Old English poetry compiled in the late 10th century containing approximately one sixth of all surviving Old English poetry. Widsith is located between the poems "Vainglory" and "The Fortunes of Men". Since the donation of the Exeter Book in 1076, it has been housed in Exeter Cathedral in southwest England. The poem is for the most part a survey of the people, kings, and heroes of Europe in the Heroic Age of Northern Europe: see Tribes of Widsith.

Title: Grendel

Grendel is a being originated from the Anglo-Saxon epic poem "Beowulf" (AD 700–1000), which is considered to be the oldest surviving poem in Old English. He is one of the poem's three antagonists (along with Grendel's mother and the dragon), all aligned in opposition against the protagonist Beowulf. Grendel is feared by all but Beowulf. Grendel is described to have descended from the lineage of the Biblical figure Cain, from Genesis 4 of the Bible, and is usually depicted as a monster or a giant, although his status as a monster, giant or some other form of supernatural being is not clearly described in the poem and thus remains the subject of scholarly debate.

Title: Nowell Codex

The Nowell Codex is the second of two manuscripts found in the bound volume Cotton Vitellius A.xv, one of the four major Anglo-Saxon poetic manuscripts. It is most famous as the manuscript containing the unique copy of the epic poem "Beowulf". In addition to this, it contains first a fragment of "The Life of Saint Christopher", then the more complete texts "Wonders of the East" and "Letters of Alexander to Aristotle," and, after "Beowulf", a poetic translation of "Judith". Due to the fame of "Beowulf", the Nowell codex is also sometimes known simply as the Beowulf manuscript. The manuscript is located within the British Library with the rest of the Cotton collection.

Title: Offa of Angel

Offa is a legendary king of the Angles in the genealogy of the kings of Mercia presented in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle". He is the son of Wermund and the father of Angeltheow.

Title: History of Herefordshire

The History of Herefordshire starts with a shire in the time of Athelstan (895–939), and Herefordshire is mentioned in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" in 1051. The first Anglo-Saxon settlers, the Magonsætan, were a sub-tribal unit of the Hwicce who occupied the Severn valley. The Magonsætan were said to be in the intervening lands between the Rivers Wye and Severn. The undulating hills of marl clay were surrounded by the Welsh mountains to the west; the Malvern Hills to the east; the Clent Hills of the Shropshire borders to the north, and the indeterminate extent of the Forest of Dean to the south. The shire name first recorded in the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle" was derived from "Here-ford", Old English for "Army crossing", the location for the city. The area was covered first by Offa of Mercia, who constructed the dyke as a boundary to keep warring tribes out of the Mercian kingdom: an early indication of the ambivalent relations with the Welsh. The shire as an administrative unit was developed from Alfred the Great's Burghal Hidage, and the Shire-reeve courts of the Hundred. King Edgar the Ætheling was a regular visitor, and founded the diocese, previously part of the see of Worcester, in 976. The establishment of a centre of law and justice was supported by a monastic chapter that flourished during the Tenth century Reformation. Hereford's geographical location at the hub of the shire allowed Anglo-Saxon ealdormen to manage affairs; and Hereford played a vital role in the Scandinavian wars until Ralph, Earl Hereford was deposed by the regal Earl Harold Godwinson.

Title: Layamon's Brut

Layamon's "Brut (ca. 1190 - 1215), also known as The Chronicle of Britain", is a Middle English poem compiled and recast by the English priest Layamon. The "Brut" is 16,095 lines long and narrates the history of Britain: it is the first historiography written in English since the "Anglo-Saxon Chronicle". Named for Britain's mythical founder, Brutus of Troy, the poem is largely based on the Anglo-Norman "Roman de Brut" by Wace, which is in turn a version of Geoffrey of Monmouth's Latin "Historia Regum Britanniae". Layamon's poem, however, is longer than both and includes an enlarged section on the life and exploits of King Arthur. It is written in the alliterative verse style commonly used in Middle English poetry by rhyming chroniclers, the two halves of the alliterative lines being often linked by rhyme as well as by alliteration.

Title: Karl Freiherr von Müffling

Friedrich Karl Ferdinand Freiherr von Müffling, called Weiss (12 June 177510 January 1851) was a Prussian "Generalfeldmarschall" and military theorist. He served as Blücher's liaison officer in Wellington's headquarters during the Battle of Waterloo and was one of the organizers of the final victory over Napoleon. After the wars he served a diplomatic role at the Congress of Aix-la-Chappelle and was a major contributor to the development of the Prussian General Staff as Chief. Müffling also specialized in military topography and cartography.

Title: Ardant du Picq

Charles Jean Jacques Joseph Ardant du Picq (19 October 1821 – 18 August 1870) was a French Army officer and military theorist of the mid-nineteenth century whose writings, as they were later interpreted by other theorists, had a great effect on French military theory and doctrine.

Title: František Zach

František Zach (] ; Serbian: Франтишек Зах ; 1 May 1807–14 January 1892), known as Franjo Zah (Фрањо Зах), was a Czech-born soldier and military theorist, best known for being the first acting General and Chief of the General Staff of the Principality of Serbia from 1876 to 1877.

Title: Graham Seton Hutchison

Lieutenant-Colonel Graham Seton Hutchison (1890–1946) was a Scottish First World War army officer, military theorist, author of both adventure novels and non-fiction works and fascist activist. Seton Hutchison became a celebrated figure in military circles for his tactical innovations during the First World War but would later become associated with a series of fringe fascist movements which failed to capture much support even by the standards of the far right in Britain in the interbellum period.

Title: Richard Terrin

Richard Terrin (January 8, 1890 – June 3, 1958) was an American lawyer, military theorist, historian, and government official known for his expertise on Asia. After graduating from the Northwestern University School of Law, Terrin worked briefly as a prosecutor, then served in various positions with the American administration in the Philippines, most notably working as primary staff aide and legal advisor to Governor-General of the Philippines Dwight F. Davis. During the 1930s, he worked in the US Department of War and taught at the Army War College, then moved to Kenya. After American entry into World War II, he moved to Australia, where he worked with the American Embassy to coordinate operations and from 1945–1948, he held a position with the US administration in Japan. After leaving Japan, he practiced law in Chicago until his retirement in 1954. He died at his home on June 3, 1958 of natural causes.

Title: Erwin Rommel

Erwin Rommel (15 November 1891 – 14 October 1944) was a German general and military theorist. Popularly known as the Desert Fox, he served as field marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II.

Title: International Stability Operations Association

The International Stability Operations Association (ISOA), formerly known as the International Peace Operations Association (IPOA), is a trade association founded in April 2001. IPOA was created to support the private military and disaster relief industries, and is based in Washington, D.C., United States.

Title: Evgeny Messner

Evgeny Messner (Russian: Евгений Эдуардович Месснер , German: "Eugen Messner" ; 1891–1974) was a Russian professional soldier and military theorist. A Russian German, he became an officer of the Imperial Russian Army. During the Russian Civil War he sided with the White movement and fought against the Bolsheviks, notably as the last chief of staff of Kornilov Division of the Army of General Wrangel.

Title: Norbert Holm

Norbert Holm (16 December 1895 – 3 June 1962) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Following the 20 July plot, on 16 September 1944, Norbert Holm was arrested and later demoted because of his Chief of Operations association with Field Marsal Erwin Rommel. He fought as a private in the 19th Panzer Division, and for "repeated bravery before the enemy" he was promoted to Unteroffizier in January 1945 and to Feldwebel two months before the end of the war. He was rehabilitated in 1956.

Title: Mirza Mohammad Afzal Beg

Mirza Mohammad Afzal Bég was a Kashmiri politician and lieutenant of the late Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Sheikh Abdullah. He was also the president of the Plebiscite Front and was arrested as one of the accused in Kashmir Conspiracy Case. In later years, he was Sheikh Abdullah's representative in talks with the Indian government in 1974, inking the 1974 Indira-Sheikh accord. Afzal Bég hailed from Anantnag and was the son of mirza Nizamudin Beg, brother of Mirza Ghulam Qadir Beg and nephew of the landlord, Mirza Ghulam Mohammad Bég, of Anantnag. He died on 11 June 1982. He was popularly known as 'Fakhr-e-Kashmir' (pride of Kashmir) and was the architect of the legendary 'land to the landless tiller' legislation which uplifted the masses of J&K. His legal acumen and genius was admired by friends and foes. He was also known as the brain behind Sheikh Abdullah. His legal acumen was lauded by the imminent legal luminary G.S. Pathak, who later became the Vice President of India, who proclaimed "Beg Sahab, you come out of politics and be a permanent part of the legal profession, you can be a jewel of any Bar" (after hearing his arguments in the Kashmir Conspiracy case). He was immensely popular amongst his people and was perceived as the successor to Sheikh Mohd. Abdullah. He served as the first Deputy Chief Minister of the state of J&K and was seen discharging the most important functions in the State with his sheer brilliance. Historians of JK Politics hold him solely for National Conference's landslide win in the 1977 assembly elections when he single-handedly ran the NC's campaign. He is survived by three sons and three daughters. His eldest son Dr Mirza Mohammad Aijaz beg is a very renowned medico and has served state government for about forty years and retired as Deputy director health services. He is the only son who has been residing at ancestral place throughout. He was never interested in politics and has got a great rapport of being pious and honest administrator and human being. His second son Mirza Mehboob Beg took on his father's mantle and is also a widely respected and envied politician in the state. The Beg family enjoys a very good rapport with the people and are widely respected for their honesty and integrity.

Title: Stephen Pearton

Stephen Pearton is an American materials scientist and engineer and Distinguished Professor at University of Florida. Pearton's work focuses on the use of advanced materials in areas such as laser diodes and nanomaterial applications and similar applications. He is a recipient of the J.J. Ebers Award from the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, and the David Adler Lectureship from the American Physical Society. He is also a Fellow of multiple professional or academic societies, including the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, the American Physical Society, the Materials Research Society, and the American Vacuum Society.

Title: Atul Chokshi

Atul Harish Chokshi (born 1958) is an Indian materials scientist, metallurgical engineer and a professor at the Department of Materials Engineering of the Indian Institute of Science. He is known for his studies on "high temperature deformation and failure of ceramic materials" and is an elected fellow of all the three major Indian science academies viz. the National Academy of Sciences, India, Indian Academy of Sciences, and Indian National Science Academy as well as the Indian National Academy of Engineering. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded him the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for his contributions to Engineering Sciences in 2003.

Title: Lionel Kimerling

Lionel C. Kimerling is an American materials scientist, known for his work in the field of semiconductor materials and their processing. As of 2016, he is the Thomas Lord Professor of Materials Science & Engineering at the Department of Materials Science & Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He headed the Materials Physics Research Department of AT&T Bell Laboratories from 1981 to 1990.

Title: Sang-Wook Cheong

Sang Wook Cheong is a Korean American materials scientist at Rutgers University. He has made ground-breaking contributions to the research field of enhanced physical functionalities in complex materials originating from collective correlations and collective phase transitions such as colossal magnetoresistive and colossal magnetoelectric effects in complex oxides. He has also made pivotal contributions to mesoscopic self-organization in solids, including the nanoscale charge stripe formation, mesoscopic electronic phase separation in mixed valent transition metal oxides, and the formation of topological vortex domains in multiferroics, which was found to be synergistically relevant to mathematics (graph theory) and cosmology.

Title: Yuval Golan

Yuval Golan is an Israeli materials scientist who works at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev (BGU). Golan, a professor of materials engineering, studies materials at the nanoscale level and focuses on their synthesis, characterization and applications. Golan is the Director of the Ilse Katz Institute for Nanoscale Science and Technology, and chairman of the synchrotron committee of the Israeli Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Title: Markus J. Buehler

Markus J. Buehler is an American materials scientist and engineer at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He is a professor at MIT's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, where he directs the Laboratory for Atomistic and Molecular Mechanics (LAMM). Since 2013, he serves as the Head of the Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering at MIT. His research and teaching activities center on the application of a computational materials science approach to understand functional material properties in biological and synthetic materials, specifically focused on mechanical properties. His work is highly cross-disciplinary and incorporates materials science, engineering, mathematics and the establishment of links between natural materials with the Arts through the use of category theory.

Title: Rutgers University

Rutgers, The State University of New Jersey ( ), commonly referred to as Rutgers University, Rutgers, or RU, is an American public research university and the largest institution for higher education in New Jersey.

Title: Winston Wole Soboyejo

Winston Oluwole Soboyejo commonly known as "Wole" is an American Scientist of Yoruba Nigerian parentage. He is a materials scientist whose research focuses on biomaterials and the use of nanoparticles for the detection and treatment of disease, the mechanical properties of materials, and the use of materials science to promote global development.

Title: Marc A. Meyers

Marc André Meyers is an American materials scientist, engineer and Distinguished Professor at the University of California, San Diego. Meyers studies and writes about the dynamic behavior of materials, synthesis, processing, impact testing, and characterization of new materials. He also studies the properties of biological materials, and in particular the protective coverings of animals. Abalone shells, toucan beaks, the scales of exotic fish, feathers, piranha teeth, rabbit skin, boxfish, turtle and armadillo carapaces, and pangolin scales are some of the biological materials studied by his group.

Title: Arthur Nowick

Arthur S. Nowick (29 August 1923 – 20 July 2010) was an American materials scientist. He made pioneering contributions to the study of internal friction, anelasticity, crystal defects and other subjects over a fifty-year career and helped develop materials science from a field focused on metals to one that encompasses all classes of materials.

Title: Dinaric calcareous block fir forest

The Dinaric calcareous silver fir forests are an endemic vegetation type of the littoral Dinaric Alps, located in southeastern Europe. Pure stands of Dinaric calcareous Silver fir —"Abies alba" forests appear on limestone escarpments in the montane zones of Orjen, Velebit, Biokovo and Prenj. They comprise one of the most interesting formations of Balkan vegetation types as the forests bear several rare plants and are of striking beauty. As a highly endemic and rare vegetation type of the Dinarids it needs protection.

Title: Kniphofia

Kniphofia , also called tritoma, red hot poker, torch lily, knofflers or poker plant, is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asphodelaceae, first described as a genus in 1794. It is native to Africa. Herbaceous species and hybrids have narrow, grass-like leaves 10 - long, while perennial species have broader, strap-shaped foliage up to 1.5 m long. All plants produce spikes of upright, brightly coloured flowers well above the foliage, in shades of red, orange and yellow, often bicoloured. The flowers produce copious nectar while blooming and are attractive to bees. In the New World they may attract sap-suckers such as hummingbirds and New World orioles.

Title: Caatinga

Caatinga (] ) is a type of desert vegetation, which can also be called Jola Jolilo (Jou-lah-Jouh-Liloy). It is the indian name for the Caatinga, and an ecoregion characterized by this vegetation in interior northeastern Brazil. The name "Caatinga" is a Tupi word meaning "white forest" or "white vegetation" ("caa" = forest, vegetation, "tinga" = white).

Title: Lourensford Alluvium Fynbos

Lourensford Alluvium Fynbos is a critically endangered vegetation type that is endemic to Cape Town. Though closest to Fynbos, it has characteristics of both Fynbos and Renosterveld vegetation and is thus actually a unique hybrid vegetation type.

Title: Desert dry wash

Desert dry wash is a North American desert vegetation type (or biome) occurring in the flat bottoms of canyons and drainages that lack water at or near the surface most of the year, and are subject to periodic severe flooding events. Desert dry wash is contrasted with desert riparian vegetation, which occurs in desert canyons and drainages where there is year-round water at or near the surface. Plants must either be able to survive the severe flooding conditions or be able to reestablish themselves before the next flooding event. Some of these plants have evolved so that in order for their seeds to germinate, the seeds must be scarified or abraded by tumbling sand, gravel, and rocks during the flooding event. They must then quickly send down roots deep enough to be able to tap into deep underground water reserves, in order to survive the dry period after the flooding. Common dominant species of the desert dry wash include smoke tree ("Psorothamnus spinosus"), desert willow ("Chilopsis linearis"), catclaw ("Senegalia greggii"), cheesebush ("Ambrosia salsola"), and waterweed ("Baccharis sergiloides").

Title: Baptisia

Baptisia (wild indigo, false indigo) is a genus in the legume family, Fabaceae. They are flowering herbaceous perennial plants with pea-like flowers, followed by pods, which are sometimes inflated. They are native to woodland and grassland in eastern and southern North America. The species most commonly found in cultivation is "B. australis".

Title: Desert riparian

Desert riparian is a North American desert vegetation type (or biome) occurring in the bottoms of canyons and drainages that have water at or near the surface most of the year. It is contrasted with the desert dry wash vegetation type in which water at or near the surface is lacking most of the year. The visual character is of large, lush green trees surrounded by dry desert vegetation and soil coloration. The area may be in a patch surrounding a spring (oasis), or in a strand following the course of water flow. Over 80% of known desert wildlife species use desert riparian areas. Common dominant species include Fremont cottonwood ("Populus fremontii"), Arizona ash ("Fraxinus velutina"), arroyo willow ("Salix lasiolepis"), Goodding's willow ("Salix gooddingii"), red willow ("Salix laevigata"), California fan palm ("Washingtonia filifera"), and invasive species such as salt cedar ("Tamarix ramosissima"), giant reed ("Arundo donax"), and Russian olive ("Elaeagnus angustifolia"). Salt cedar is particularly causing problems for this ecosystem because it is able to extract water more efficiently than cottonwoods and willows. Many noninvasive non-native species may also be found because springs and surface water areas in the desert often were old homesites where such species were intentionally planted, such as elm, black locust, and assorted fruit trees.

Title: Vegetation and slope stability

Vegetation and slope stability are interrelated by the ability of the plant life growing on slopes to both promote and hinder the stability of the slope. The relationship is a complex combination of the type of soil, the rainfall regime, the plant species present, the slope aspect, and the steepness of the slope. Knowledge of the underlying slope stability as a function of the soil type, its age, horizon development, compaction, and other impacts is a major underlying aspect of understanding how vegetation can alter the stability of the slope. There are four major ways in which vegetation influences slope stability: wind throwing, the removal of water, mass of vegetation (surcharge), and mechanical reinforcement of roots.

Title: Vegetation classification

Vegetation classification is the process of classifying and mapping the vegetation over an area of the earth's surface. Vegetation classification is often performed by state based agencies as part of land use, resource and environmental management. Many different methods of vegetation classification have been used. In general, there has been a shift from structural classification used by forestry for the mapping of timber resources, to floristic community mapping for biodiversity management. Whereas older forestry-based schemes considered factors such as height, species and density of the woody canopy, floristic community mapping shifts the emphasis onto ecological factors such as climate, soil type and floristic associations. Classification mapping is usually now done using Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software.

Title: Wildfire

A wildfire or wildland fire is a fire in an area of combustible vegetation that occurs in the countryside or rural area. Depending on the type of vegetation where it occurs, a wildfire can also be classified more specifically as a brush fire, bush fire, desert fire, forest fire, grass fire, hill fire, peat fire, vegetation fire, or veld fire. Fossil charcoal indicates that wildfires began soon after the appearance of terrestrial plants 420 million years ago. Wildfire’s occurrence throughout the history of terrestrial life invites conjecture that fire must have had pronounced evolutionary effects on most ecosystems' flora and fauna. Earth is an intrinsically flammable planet owing to its cover of carbon-rich vegetation, seasonally dry climates, atmospheric oxygen, and widespread lightning and volcano ignitions.

Title: My Own Worst Enemy (song)

"My Own Worst Enemy" is a song by the American rock band Lit. It was released in March 1999 as the lead single from Lit's second album, "A Place in the Sun", which was also released that year. The song was only moderately successful at first, reaching number 17 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart on February 27, 1999. It later achieved mainstream success, peaking at number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and number one on the Modern Rock Tracks (also known as Alternative Songs) chart. The song's success helped "A Place in the Sun" to be certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on October 27, 1999 for sales of 1,300,000 copies in the United States. At the 1999 "Billboard" Music Awards, "My Own Worst Enemy" won the Modern Rock Track of the Year award. Its music video was filmed by Gavin Bowden in a Las Vegas bowling alley.

Title: Astro Lounge

Astro Lounge, released in 1999, is the second full length album from the Californian rock band Smash Mouth. It includes the single "All Star", arguably the group's most well-known song, which reached number four on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. Several other singles were released from the album, including "Waste" and "Then the Morning Comes".

Title: ...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach

...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach is the first compilation album by Californian rock band Papa Roach. It was released on June 29, 2010. It was the band's final album with Geffen Records, after the band left for Eleven Seven Music. The album omits one of the band's biggest singles, "Between Angels and Insects", which was a top 20 hit in the UK. The band members themselves asked their fans not to buy this CD (as well as expressed their resentment towards Geffen Records) because they do not endorse this release, nor would they receive royalties for its sales.

Title: A Place in the Sun (Lit album)

A Place in the Sun is the second studio album by the American rock band Lit.

Title: Zip-Lock (song)

"Zip-Lock" is a song by the American pop punk band Lit, released as the follow-up single to their number one rock hit "My Own Worst Enemy" from their second album, "A Place in the Sun" in 1999. While not as successful as its previous single, it was able to reach number 11 on the Modern Rock Tracks and number 34 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks.

Title: Lifeline (Papa Roach song)

"Lifeline" is the second single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's fifth album, "Metamorphosis", and eleventh released single in total. The song was originally titled "Hanging On", and was changed to "Lifeline" after lead singer Jacoby Shaddix decided to alter the lyrics of the chorus. It was released to iTunes on January 27, 2009 and as a Hot Topic exclusive CD single on February 10. An accompanying music video was released on March 6, 2009. To launch this song in its truest form, the band filmed "Lifeline" live during "Crüe Fest".

Title: Lit (album)

Lit is the fourth studio album by the American rock band Lit. The album was recorded at World Class Audio in Anaheim and The Pool House in Fullerton, California.

Title: Between Angels and Insects

"Between Angels and Insects", also known by its working title of "Obsession", is the third single from Californian rock band Papa Roach's first album, "Infest", and third released single in total. It is also one of the band's most well known songs.

Title: Lit (band)

Lit is an American rock band, formed in 1995 in Fullerton, California. They are best known for their hit song "My Own Worst Enemy".

Title: Time Is Running Out (Papa Roach song)

"Time Is Running Out" is the seventh track from Californian rock band Papa Roach's fifth album, "The Paramour Sessions". The song is also available as a downloadable track for the "Rock Band" games.

Title: Everybody Knows (Trisha Yearwood song)

"Everybody Knows" is a song written by Matraca Berg and Gary Harrison, and recorded by American country music artist Trisha Yearwood. It was released in October 1996 as the second single from her album of the same name. The song reached number 3 on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in February 1997 and number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.

Title: Between Now and Forever

Between Now and Forever is the second studio album by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in 1996 (see 1996 in country music) on Asylum Records. Like his debut album "Bryan White", it was certified platinum by the RIAA for U.S. sales of one million copies. The album produced four singles for White on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. In order of release, these were "I'm Not Supposed to Love You Anymore" (number 4), "So Much for Pretending" (number 1), "That's Another Song" (number 15), and "Sittin' on Go" (number 1). "Sittin' on Go" was also his last Number One hit.

Title: Two Car Garage

"Two Car Garage" is a song recorded by American country music artist B. J. Thomas. It was released in November 1983 as the first single from his album "The Great American Dream". The song reached #3 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in February 1984 and #1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada. The song was written J. D. Martin and Gary Harrison.

Title: Bryan White

Bryan Shelton White (born February 17, 1974) is an American country music artist. Signed to Asylum Records in 1994 at age 20, White released his self-titled debut album that year. Both it and its follow-up, 1996's "Between Now and Forever", were certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, and 1997's "The Right Place" was certified gold. His fourth album, 1999's "How Lucky I Am", produced 2 top 40 singles, with the song "God Gave Me You" eventually becoming a big hit in the Philippines.

Title: Domestic Life (song)

"Domestic Life" is a song written by J.D. Martin and Gary Harrison, and recorded by American country music artist John Conlee. It was released in February 1987 as the first single from the album "American Faces". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.

Title: Look at Me Now (Bryan White song)

"Look at Me Now" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Bryan White. It was released in December 1994 as the second single from the album "Bryan White". The song reached number 24 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. White wrote the song with Derek George and John Tirro.

Title: Strawberry Wine (Deana Carter song)

"Strawberry Wine" is the title of a debut song written by Matraca Berg and Gary Harrison, and recorded by American country music artist Deana Carter. It was released in August 1996 as the lead-off single from Carter's debut album "Did I Shave My Legs for This? ". The song went on to peak at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart, and the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks.

Title: She Dreams

"She Dreams" is a song co-written by Tim Mensy and Gary Harrison. It was originally recorded by Mensy on his 1993 album "This Ol' Heart" (produced by James Stroud), from which it was released as the third and final single. It was also the final single release of his career. It was recorded by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt and released in July 1994 as the lead single from the album, "What a Way to Live". It peaked at number 6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and at number 7 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.

Title: Gary Harrison

Harrison began his career in the 1970s and has written over 300 major-label recorded songs including several number-one hits. His songwriting credits include ; "Hey Cinderella" (recorded by Suzy Bogguss); "I Hate Everything" a number-one recording by George Strait); "I Just Wanted You to Know" (recorded by Mark Chesnutt); "I Thought It Was You" (recorded by Doug Stone); "Lying in Love with You" (recorded by Jim Ed Brown and Helen Cornelius); "Strawberry Wine" (with Matraca Berg, recorded by Deana Carter); "Wild Angels" (with Matraca Berg; recorded by Martina McBride); "Wrong Side of Memphis" (with Matraca Berg, recorded by Trisha Yearwood), and "That Train Don't Run" (recorded by Pinmonkey). Other artists who have recorded his work include Kenny Chesney, Tim McGraw, Easton Corbin, Patty Loveless, Keith Whitley, John Michael Montgomery, Billy Ray Cyrus, Charley Pride, Anne Murray, Mindy McCready, Diamond Rio, Sammy Kershaw, Emmylou Harris, Ronnie Milsap, Highway 101, Molly Hatchet, Johnny Lee, Neal McCoy, Reba McEntire, Joe Nichols, Bob Welch, Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, Kenny Rogers, Matraca Berg, Pam Tillis, Crystal Gayle, Brenda Lee, B. J. Thomas, Alabama, Michelle Wright, Loverboy, Randy Travis, The Oak Ridge Boys, Conway Twitty, Barbara Mandrell, Lonestar, Steve Wariner, Joe Diffie, Michael Martin Murphey, Marty Balin, Cindy Alexander, Kim Carnes, Keith Stegall, Shawn Camp, Lee Greenwood, Russ Taff, George Canyon, The Kendalls, Chris LeDoux, Sylvia, Mickey Gilley, Eddy Raven, John Conlee, Bryan White, Blaine Larsen, Tammy Cochran, John Berry, Rick Trevino, Marie Osmond, Eric Heatherly, Pirates of the Mississippi, Chely Wright, and Robin Lee.

Title: I Just Wanted You to Know

"I Just Wanted You to Know" is a song written by Tim Mensy and Gary Harrison and recorded by American country music singer Mark Chesnutt. It was released in December 1993 as the third single from his album "Almost Goodbye". The song reached number-one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart and on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.

Title: 1976 German Grand Prix

The 1976 German Grand Prix (formally the XXXVIII Großer Preis von Deutschland) was a Formula One motor race held at the Nürburgring on 1 August 1976. It was the scene of reigning world champion Niki Lauda's near fatal accident, and the last Formula One race to be held on the Nordschleife section of the track. The 14-lap race was the tenth round of the 1976 Formula One season and was won by James Hunt.

Title: 1974 German Grand Prix

The 1974 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Nürburgring on 4 August 1974. It was race 11 of 15 in both the 1974 World Championship of Drivers and the 1974 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. It was the 36th German Grand Prix and the 33rd to be held at the Nürburgring complex of circuits. The race was won by Swiss driver Clay Regazzoni driving a Ferrari 312B3. Regazzoni led every lap on the way to his second Grand Prix victory, some four years after his debut victory at the 1970 Italian Grand Prix. South African driver Jody Scheckter was second driving a Tyrrell 007 ahead of Argentine driver Carlos Reutemann (Brabham BT44).

Title: 1959 German Grand Prix

The 1959 German Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at the Automobil-Verkehrs- und Übungs-Straße in West Berlin on 2 August 1959. It was race 6 of 9 in the 1959 World Championship of Drivers and race 5 of 8 in the 1959 International Cup for Formula One Manufacturers. It was the 21st German Grand Prix and was only the second time the race was not held at the Nürburgring. AVUS had previously held the original German Grand Prix in 1926. The race was held over two 30 lap heats of the eight kilometre circuit for a total race distance of 498 kilometres.

Title: Christian Goethals

Christian Roger Xavier Marie Joseph Ghislain Goethals (4 August 1928 in Heule – 26 February 2003 in Kortrijk) was a racing driver from Belgium. Goethals competed as an amateur in sports car races, driving a Porsche Spyder during the 1950s. His best results were a second-place finish with his brother in the 1956 1500cc class event in Reims, and a win in the same class the following year at Forez. Goethals acquired a Cooper-Climax and entered it in the Formula Two class of the 1958 German Grand Prix, but retired from the race. He did not participate in another Formula One Grand Prix, and returned to sports cars, with notable finishes in 1960 of fifth in the Buenos Aires 1000 km and second in the GP de Spa. He retired from racing later in the season. He established a racing team called "Écurie Éperon d'Or" to participate in the 1958 German Grand Prix where he raced in a Cooper T43.

Title: Klenk

The Klenk-Meteor was a racing car which competed in the 1954 German Grand Prix. The car was based on the established German marque of Veritas which was active between 1948 and 1953. Veritas is chiefly remembered as a manufacturer of sports cars and successful Formula Two racing cars. The company closed when its founder, Ernst Loof, became ill. He subsequently died in 1956. The Klenk-Meteor entered for the 1954 German Grand Prix was essentially a Veritas Formula Two car. The car was owned and prepared by the noted German racing driver Hans Klenk who intended to race it himself in the Grand Prix. However, Klenk's career as a racing driver came to an end when he suffered injuries in an accident while working as a test driver for Mercedes-Benz. The car was driven in the Grand Prix by another German, Theo Helfrich. He retired on lap 9 with engine failure.

Title: Racing helmet

A racing helmet is a form of protective headgear worn by racing car and rally drivers. Motor racing has long been known to be an exceptionally risky sport: sudden deceleration forces on the head can easily occur if a racing car loses control at the very high speeds of competitive motor racing or the rough terrain experienced in rallying. A risk more nearly unique to motor racing is the possibility of drastically severe burns from fuel igniting when the fuel lines or fuel tank of the vehicle are jolted sufficiently to dislodge or breach them in a situation in which the driver cannot soon enough escape from his car. This happened to world champion driver Niki Lauda at the 1976 German Grand Prix race at the Nürburgring in a crash from which he barely escaped alive.

Title: James Hunt

James Simon Wallis Hunt (29 August 1947 – 15 June 1993) was a British racing driver who won the Formula One World Championship in . After retiring from racing in 1979, Hunt became a media commentator and businessman.

Title: 1976 German motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1976 German motorcycle Grand Prix was the eleventh round of the 1976 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 29 August 1976 at the Nürburgring circuit. The 500cc race was known for being the distinguished Giacomo Agostini's 122nd and final victory in Grand Prix motorcycle competition, a record that still stands today.

Title: 2013 German Grand Prix

The 2013 German Grand Prix (formally known as the Formula 1 Großer Preis Santander von Deutschland 2013) was a Formula One motor race that was held on 7 July 2013 at the Nürburgring in Nürburg, Germany. The race was the ninth round of the 2013 season, and marked the 74th running of the German Grand Prix overall, and the 60th running of the German Grand Prix since 1950, when the racing series now known as the Formula One World Championship was created. This is the earliest a German Grand Prix has been held in a calendar year, followed by the 1926 and the 2009 editions of the race.

Title: 1984 European Grand Prix

The 1984 European Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Nürburgring on 7 October 1984. It was the fifteenth round of the 1984 Formula One season. This was the first time a Formula One race was run on the new 4.54 km (2.82 mi) Nürburgring GP-Strecke and the first time F1 had returned to the 'Ring since the 1976 German Grand Prix that was held on the old 22.835 km (14.19 mi) Nordschleife circuit.

Title: 2002 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2002 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the tenth edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 28–31 October in Bangkok, Thailand. A total of 43 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes aside from the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.

Title: 1999 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 1999 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the eighth edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 30 September to 3 October in Singapore. A total of 43 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes aside from the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.

Title: 2008 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2008 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the 13th edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 12–15 July at the Madya Stadium in Jakarta. It was the third occasion that the Indonesian capital had hosted the event, following the inaugural edition in 1986 and the fifth hosting in 1994. A total of 44 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes.

Title: 3000 metres steeplechase

The 3000 metres steeplechase or 3000-meter steeplechase is the most common distance for the steeplechase in track and field. It is an obstacle race over the distance of the 3000 metres, which derives its name from the horse racing steeplechase.

Title: Shane Niemi

Shane Niemi (born June 2, 1978 in Kamloops, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian sprints athlete. As a 17 year old he took the bronze medal in the 400 metres at the 1995 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships behind Obea Moore's still standing World Youth Best. The same three athletes (Jerome Young in silver position) finished in the same order at the 1996 World Junior Championships in Athletics. He returned to the 1997 Pan American Junior Athletics Championships to take the gold medal in the event. He was not able to make the qualifying standard for the 2000 Olympics. He ran his personal record, the Canadian record, 44.86 at the 2001 Jeux de la Francophonie (French Games) on home soil in Ottawa to take gold. He didn't have the same magic at the home field 2001 World Championships in Athletics but the following year took silver in a tight battle at the 2002 Commonwealth Games beating the world champion Avard Moncur. He won six straight Canadian championships between 1998 and 2003. Unable to make the qualifying mark to the 2004 Olympics, he retired in late 2004.

Title: 2010 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2010 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the 14th edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 1 to 4 July 2010 at the My Dinh National Stadium in Hanoi – the first time the competition was held in Vietnam. A total of 44 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes. Three championship records were improved over the course of the four-day competition and numerous national junior records were also bettered. The competition, including its opening and closing ceremonies, was broadcast live on Vietnamese carrier VTV3.

Title: 2004 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2004 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the eleventh edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 12–15 June at the Perak Stadium in Ipoh, Malaysia. A total of 43 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes aside from the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.

Title: 2001 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2001 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the ninth edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 19–22 July in Bandar Seri Begawan, Brunei. A total of 43 events were contested, which were divided equally between male and female athletes aside from the men's 3000 metres steeplechase.

Title: Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The Asian Junior Athletics Championships are the Asian championships open for those of age according to junior. It is currently organized by the Asian Athletics Association.

Title: 2012 Asian Junior Athletics Championships

The 2012 Asian Junior Athletics Championships was the 15th edition of the international athletics competition for Asian under-20 athletes, organised by the Asian Athletics Association. It took place from 9 to 12 June at the Sugathadasa Stadium in Colombo, Sri Lanka – the same venue hosted the 2002 Asian Athletics Championships. Thirty-four nations took part in the event and over five hundred athletes participated. A total of 44 events were contested, with the events being evenly split between the genders.

Title: Lu Lu (badminton)

Lu Lu (; born 29 September 1990) is a retired Chinese female badminton player. In 2008, she won gold medal in the mixed team event at the World Junior Championships. In the individual event, she won mixed doubles silver and girls' doubles bronze. She also competed at the Asian Junior Championships, and won the girls' doubles silver medal, and gold medals in the mixed team and doubles event. Partnered with Zhang Nan, Lu became the champion at the 2009 Philippines Open. In 2010, she became the women's doubles runner-up at the China Masters Super Series tournament with Bao Yixin.

Title: Fred McNair

Frederick V. McNair IV (born July 22, 1950 in Washington, D.C.) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who reached the World No. 1 doubles ranking in 1976. That year, he teamed up with Sherwood Stewart to capture the men's doubles titles at French Open, the German Open and the Masters. McNair was also a mixed doubles runner-up at the French Open in 1981, partnering Betty Stöve. In 1978, he was a member of the US team that won the Davis Cup. In nine years on the professional tour, McNair won 16 doubles titles. His career-high singles ranking was World No. 67.

Title: Bahaedeen Ahmad Alshannik

Bahaedeen Ahmad Alshannik (born 18 July 1997) is a Jordanian male badminton player. He was the mixed doubles runner-up at the Morocco International tournament in 2014 and 2015, and also men's doubles runner-up in 2015. At the Egypt International tournament he became the runner-up in the men's doubles event. He won her first international title at the 2017 Uganda International tournament in the mixed doubles event partnered with Domou Amro. At the Cameroon, he won double title when he captured the men's singles and doubles event.

Title: Jeff Tarango

Jeffrey Gail ("Jeff") Tarango (born November 20, 1968) is a retired American professional tennis player. He was a Top 10 doubles player and a runner-up at the 1999 French Open Men's Doubles tournament. At Wimbledon in 1995, he defaulted a match after a dispute with the umpire, and his wife assaulted the umpire once Tarango had left the court.

Title: 1999 French Open – Women's Doubles

Martina Hingis and Jana Novotná were the defending champions, but they did not compete together this year. Novotná instead partnered with Natasha Zvereva as the first seed, whereas Hingis partnered with Anna Kournikova as the second seed. Novotná and Zvereva retired in their quarterfinal match against Lindsay Davenport and Mary Pierce, but Hingis and Kournikova reached the final where they lost to American sisters Serena and Venus Williams, 6–3, 6–7, 8–6. This was the first Grand Slam for the Williams sisters and would be their first step towards completing a Career Golden Slam in doubles.

Title: Anna Kournikova

Anna Sergeyevna Kournikova (Russian: А́нна Серге́евна Ку́рникова ; ] ; born 7 June 1981) is a Russian former professional tennis player. Her appearance and celebrity status made her one of the best known tennis stars worldwide. At the peak of her fame, fans looking for images of Kournikova made her name one of the most common search strings on Google Search.

Title: Garbiñe Muguruza career statistics

This is a list of the main career statistics of Spanish professional tennis player, Garbiñe Muguruza. To date, Muguruza has won five WTA singles titles – most significantly the 2016 French Open and the 2017 Wimbledon Championships– and five WTA doubles titles. Other highlights of Muguruza's career thus far include reaching the final of the 2015 Wimbledon Championships, quarterfinal appearances at the French Open in 2014 and 2015; two runner-up finishes in doubles at the Madrid Open in 2014 and 2015 and a semi-final appearance in doubles at the 2014 French Open alongside Carla Suárez Navarro.

Title: 1981 French Open – Women's Doubles

The Women's Doubles tournament at the 1981 French Open was held from 25 May to 7 June 1981 on the outdoor clay courts at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France. Rosalyn Fairbank and Tanya Harford won the title, defeating Candy Reynolds and Paula Smith in the final.

Title: Dennis Coke

Dennis Coke (born 8 October 1993) is a Jamaican male badminton player who competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics in Singapore. In 2009, he won the boys' singles and doubles at the All Jamaica Junior Championships. At the BWF International tournament, he was the men's doubles runner-up at the 2015 Carebaco International and mixed doubles runner-up at the 2017 Jamaica International. He also won the bronze medal at the 2016 Pan Am Badminton Championships in the mixed doubles event partnered with Wynter. In 2017, he won the Jamaican National Badminton Championships in the men's singles and doubles event partnered with Anthony McNee.

Title: Wild Horse River

The Wild Horse River, formerly known as Wild Horse Creek, is a tributary of the Kootenay River, joining it near the town of Fort Steele, British Columbia, Canada. The river's canyon was the setting for the Wild Horse Creek Gold Rush and associated "war" during the gold rush of the mid-1860s.

Title: Powder River (Wyoming and Montana)

Powder River is a tributary of the Yellowstone River, approximately 375 mi long in northeastern Wyoming and southeastern Montana in the United States. It drains an area historically known as the Powder River Country on the high plains east of the Bighorn Mountains.

Title: Tarpan

The tarpan ("Equus ferus ferus"), also known as Eurasian wild horse or simply, wild horse, was a subspecies of wild horse. It is now extinct. The last individual believed to be of this subspecies died in captivity in Russia in 1909, although some sources claim that it was not a genuine wild horse due to its resemblance to domesticated horses.

Title: Wild Horse Creek (Wyoming)

Wild Horse Creek is a tributary of the Powder River in Wyoming. The USGS has a station on the creek, near Arvada.

Title: Horse Creek Bridge (McKenzie Bridge, Oregon)

The Horse Creek Bridge was a covered bridge near the unincorporated community of McKenzie Bridge in Lane County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built in 1930, the structure, 105 ft long, carried Horse Creek Road over Horse Creek. The creek is a tributary of the McKenzie River.

Title: Horse Creek Valley

Horse Creek Valley is a geographic area along Horse Creek, a tributary of the Savannah River. It lies within present-day Aiken County, South Carolina (prior to 1872, in Edgefield District / Edgefield County). The area is alternately referred to as "Midland Valley". Rising near Vaucluse, South Carolina, Horse Creek enters the Savannah two miles downstream of downtown Augusta, Georgia. Other communities along Horse Creek include Graniteville, Warrenville, Gloverville, Langley, Burnettown, Bath, and Clearwater. While Horse Creek itself is rather insignificant, its potential for water power led to early examples of Southern industrialization, including a textile mill at Vaucluse (1830) and William Gregg's Graniteville Mill (1845). The textile industry continued to play a primary role until the Graniteville Train Derailment and final closure of the Graniteville Mill in 2006.

Title: Wild Horse, Colorado

Wild Horse is an unincorporated village in Cheyenne County, Colorado, United States. The community takes its name from Wild Horse Creek, and began in 1869 as a cavalry outpost, which soon became a railway station and had expanded to a town by the mid-1870s. After a peak of population and business activities in the early 1900s, the town began dwindling by 1917, when most of it burned down in a great fire. The town rebuilt, but never at the population or business-service centralization level of its earlier years, and by the 1930s, had begun to dwindle further.

Title: Horse Creek, Wyoming

Horse Creek is an unincorporated community in western Laramie County, Wyoming, United States. It lies between Horse Creek to the north, and the South Fork of Horse Creek to the south, along WYO 211 northwest of the city of Cheyenne, the county seat of Laramie County. Its elevation is 6,506 feet (1,983 m). Although Horse Creek is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 82061. As of the 2010 census, Horse Creek had an estimated population of 39.

Title: Wild Horse Adult Resort &amp; Spa

The Wild Horse Adult Resort and Spa was an adult entertainment complex about 14 mi east of Reno, Nevada, USA that is home to two separate legal, licensed brothels: the Wild Horse Ranch and the Mustang Ranch. The property is located in a secluded portion of the Patrick Business Park, in the far northern portion of Storey County, at 1000 Wild Horse Canyon Drive, Sparks, NV 89434. Primary access to the area is via exit 28 off Interstate 80. The nearby settlement of Patrick, from which the Business Park takes its name (and occupants their mailing addresses), is actually found across the Truckee River and thus is located in Washoe County.

Title: Jocko River

The Jocko River (Salish: nisisutetkʷ ntx̣ʷe ) is a roughly 40 mi tributary of the Flathead River in western Montana in the United States. It rises in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains and flows west into the Flathead at Dixon. The elevation is 2503 ft where it joins the Flathead. It is also known as Jacques Fork, Jim’s Fork, Prune River or Wild Horse Creek. The river breaks into three forks, the North, Middle and South Forks, of which the Middle Fork is considered the main stem.

Title: Singer Building

The Singer Building or Singer Tower, at Liberty Street and Broadway in Lower Manhattan's Financial District, in the U.S. state of New York, was a 47-story office building completed in 1908 as the headquarters of the Singer Manufacturing Company. It was the tallest building in the world from 1908 to 1909. It was torn down in 1968, together with the adjacent City Investing Building, and is now the site of One Liberty Plaza. When it was razed, it became the tallest building ever to be demolished, and is still the third-tallest building ever to be destroyed (after the World Trade Center towers) and the tallest to be purposely demolished by its owner.

Title: Singer Building (disambiguation)

The Singer Building was an early skyscraper in New York City.

Title: 90 Church Street

90 Church Street is a federal office building in Manhattan, New York City, New York, U.S. The building operates as the United States Postal Service's Church Street Station, which is responsible for the 10048 and 10007 ZIP codes. The building takes up a full block between Church Street and West Broadway and between Vesey and Barclay Streets in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan. The "AIA Guide to New York City" says about the building: "A boring limestone monolith that has trouble deciding between a heritage of stripped down neo-Classical and a new breath of Art Deco."

Title: One Liberty Plaza

One Liberty Plaza, formerly the U.S. Steel Building, is a skyscraper in Lower Manhattan, in New York City, at the location of the former Singer Building (tallest structure ever dismantled) and the former City Investing Building. One Liberty Plaza is currently owned and operated by Brookfield Office Properties. The building is 743 ft tall and has 54 floors. It was completed in 1973. At 2300000 sqft , each floor offers almost 1 acre of office space, making it one of the largest office buildings in New York.

Title: Trust Company of America

The American Trust Company was a large company in New York City. Founded in May 23, 1899 in Albany, New York, its founding president was Ashbel P. Fitch and it was initially located in the Singer Building in Manhattan's Financial District. In 1907 the company absorbed the Colonial Trust Company, a commercial bank. It later survived the Panic of 1907 when it was the target of a bank run starting on Wednesday, October 23, 1907. It survived, with the backing of J. Pierpont Morgan and an infusion of gold from the Bank of England and other European sources. The company ultimately represented a consolidation of the North American Trust Company, the former Trust Company of America, the City Trust Company and the Colonial Trust Company. The Trust Company of America was absorbed by the Equitable Trust Company in the spring of 1912.

Title: List of tallest buildings in Upstate New York

Upstate New York, broadly defined as a region of the U.S. state of New York north of New York City and Westchester County, is home to several skyscrapers and high-rises. The tallest building in New York State is the 104-story One World Trade Center, which was completed in 2014 and rises to 1776 ft in Lower Manhattan, New York City. New York City, the largest city in the United States, is home to the vast majority of the skyscrapers in New York; outside the city, most of the state's skyscrapers are concentrated in Albany, Buffalo and Rochester. The tallest building in Upstate New York is the 44-story Erastus Corning Tower, which rises 589 ft in Albany, the state's capital city. Although the building is the tallest in the upstate region by a significant margin, it does not appear in the 100-tallest buildings in New York state when New York City skyscrapers are included in the ranking. The second-tallest building in the upstate region is the 529 ft One HSBC Center, which also stands as the tallest building in the city of Buffalo.

Title: Sri Sathya Sai Baba Center of Manhattan

The Sri Sathya Sai Baba Center of Manhattan (also referred to as the Manhattan Sai Center or Manhattan Sai Baba Center) is a Sai Center within the USA Sathya Sai Organization running out of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. Under the direction of Sathya Sai Baba, it was established in 1976 as a service organization to run devotional programs and service projects. Their projects have been covered by several New York news outlets.

Title: George W. Conable

George W. Conable (1866-1933), AIA, was an American architect practicing in New York City in the early to mid 20th century specializing in churches. In 1905 he was an assistant to noted architect Ernest Flagg and prepared plans and working drawings for the Singer Building. His office was at 15 Myrtle Avenue, Jamaica, Queens in the 1908, 46 West 24th Street in 1918. He entered into a brief partnership with Hobart Upjohn as the firm of Upjohn & Conable of 96 Fifth Avenue, New York, in 1911. He is best known as the architect of Holy Trinity Lutheran Church (New York City) (1908) and Messiah Evangelical Lutheran Church (1926)

Title: George Henry Griebel

George Henry Griebel (13 August 1846 – March 1933) was a prominent Berlin-born and trained architect who resided in New York City. He designed numerous public and private buildings, many of which are still standing in New York City, Philadelphia, and Washington DC. However, because at the time an architect did not receive credit for his work unless he owned his own firm, Griebel is largely uncredited for buildings such as the Dakota Building and other luxury apartment buildings in New York City, a staircase in the Library of Congress, the design for Grant's Row, planned as the home of embassies in Washington, DC, and many other buildings. The original architectural drawings of the Dakota building and the Singer Building are in the private collection of the Griebel family.

Title: Manhattan West

Manhattan West is a 5400000 sqft mixed-use development by Brookfield Properties. The project consists of two large office towers and two smaller residential towers, as well as a 1.5 acre public park. The towers will be built on a platform over Penn Station storage tracks along Ninth Avenue. The buildings will be built close to the developing Hudson Yards region between 31st and 33rd streets. These two buildings have been proposed as of 2010 . Upon its completion the taller west tower will extend 995 ft up to its roof and will be one of the tallest buildings in New York City and the world.

Title: Alexander Muse

Alexander Muse is an American internet entrepreneur who has founded several internet companies including LayerOne, ShopSavvy, Architel, and ViewMarket (among others). His most recent endeavor, Sumo Ventures, invests in early-stage startups.

Title: Vikas Gupta

Vikas Gupta is an Indian American internet entrepreneur. He is known for having founded Jambool, an online company that was acquiredby Google in August 2010. Gupta has also joined Google as the Head of Consumer Payments after the acquisition. Prior to founding Jambool, Gupta worked at Amazon.com, where he led the payments and web services groups. His newest venture is Play-i,which he started in November 2012.

Title: Jeff Pulver

Jeff Pulver is an American Internet entrepreneur known for his work as founder and chief executive of pulver.com and co-founder of Free World Dialup, Vonage, MoNage and Zula (app). Pulver has been called a Voice over Internet Protocol pioneer, and has written extensively on VoIP telephony, and the need to develop an alternative to government regulation of its applications layer.

Title: Justin Waldron

Justin Waldron (June 18, 1988) is an American internet entrepreneur best known as the co-founder of Zynga, which makes online social and mobile games. Zynga is considered to be the pioneer of the social and mobile gaming industries, responsible for creating many of the microtransaction and viral marketing business models which are now ubiquitous. Within four years of its founding, Zynga grew to $1 billion in annual revenue, faster than any other internet company. In 2011 Zynga held the largest IPO since Google, with a valuation of over $10 billion. Waldron left Zynga in October 2013 and is currently an active angel investor and advisor in various other technology companies.

Title: 24 Hours on Craigslist

24 Hours on Craigslist is a 2005 American feature-length documentary that captures the people and stories behind a single day's posts on the classified ad website Craigslist. The film, made with the approval of Craigslist's founder Craig Newmark, is woven from interviews with the site's users, all of whom opted in to be contacted by the production when they submitted their posts on August 4, 2003. The documentary screened in nine film festivals during 2004 and 2005, winning a 'best feature documentary', and played in a limited, self-distributed, theatrical release in 2005 and 2006. The film was released on DVD on April 25, 2006.

Title: Bret Curtis

Bret Curtis is an American auto racing driver and business entrepreneur. Bret Curtis founded Spectra Resources in 2002 and United Steel Supply in 2007. Curtis has been racing since 2009, and currently competes in the WeatherTech SportsCar Championship series for Turner Motorsport driving a BMW M6 GT3. Curtis has competed around the world in some of the most prestigious endurance races including 24 hours of Le Mans, 24 hours of Daytona, Spa 24 hours, Dubai 24 hour; 12 hours of Sebring, 12 hours of Bathurst; Petit Le Mans; and the 6 hours of Laguna Seca. Curtis placed second overall in the 2012 12 Hours of Bathurst driving for Erebus Racing/Black Falcon. Curtis placed second in the P2 class at the 2012 12 Hours of Sebring driving an LMP2 class Lola for Black Swan Racing. Curtis won the GTC class at the 2012 Six Hours of Laguna at Mazda Laguna Raceway. Curtis also competed in 2012 for Black Falcon Racing in the 2012 Blancpain Endurance Championship driving a Mercedes SLS GT3. Bret Curtis also contested the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans in the GTE class for Prospeed, driving a Porsche 911 RSR (997). Curtis placed 6th in the GTD class of the WeatherTech SportsCar championship in 2016 with a win at MOSPORT and a win at the Circuit of the Americas and a second place at the 12 hours of Sebring.

Title: Kalev Leetaru

Kalev Hannes Leetaru is an American internet entrepreneur and academic, the Yahoo! Fellow in Residence of International Values, Communications Technology & the Global Internet at the Institute for the Study of Diplomacy in the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University.

Title: Naveen Selvadurai

Naveen Selvadurai (born January 27, 1982, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India) is an American internet entrepreneur and co-founder of location-based social networking site Foursquare.com. He is currently working at startup studio Expa which was founded by co-founder of Uber and StumbleUpon - Garret Camp , as a partner. He was featured in Inc Magazine's 30 under 30 list in the year 2010. He was also featured in Rediff. com's article - 4 NRIs among US's coolest young entrepreneurs.

Title: Jay Adelson

Jay Adelson (born Jay Steven Adelson, September 7, 1970) is an American Internet entrepreneur. In 2014 Jay co-founded Center Electric with Andy Smith. In 2013 he founded Opsmatic, a technology company that improves productivity on operations teams. In 2015 Opsmatic was bought by New Relic. Adelson's Internet career includes Netcom, DEC's Palo Alto Internet Exchange, co-founder of Equinix, Revision3 and Digg, and CEO of SimpleGeo, Inc. In 2008, Adelson was named a member of Time Magazine's Top 100 Most Influential People in the World and was listed as a finalist on the same list in 2009.

Title: Craig Newmark

Craig Alexander Newmark (born December 6, 1952) is an American Internet entrepreneur best known for being the founder of the San Francisco-based international website Craigslist.

Title: Clijsters–Henin rivalry

Justine Henin and Kim Clijsters are Belgian professional tennis players who engaged in a long-standing rivalry which spanned twenty-five meetings over a twelve-year period, with eight taking place in a Grand Slam tournament. Their final competitive meeting came at the 2010 Wimbledon Championships in the fourth round, with Clijsters winning in 3 sets, this brought their head to head record to 13–12 in Clijsters' favour. The Belgians have met eight times in Grand Slam tournaments, three of which were finals. Henin leads 5–3 in Grand Slam play including winning all their final match-ups.

Title: 2003 WTA Tour Championships

The 2003 WTA Tour Championships, also known by its sponsored name Bank of America WTA Tour Championships Presented by Porsche, was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, United States. It was the 33rd edition of the year-end singles championships, the 28th edition of the year-end doubles championships, and was part of the 2003 WTA Tour. The tournament was held between November 4 and November 10, 2003. First-seeded Kim Clijsters won the singles event and earned $1,000,030 first-prize money as well as 485 ranking points. With her victory Clijsters became the first female tennis player to earn $US4 million in a season. For the first time since 1978 a round robin system was used, after the men's Tennis Masters Cup. Two groups of four players were formed and each contender had to play three matches. Also, for singles, instead of the top sixteen players qualifying, only top eight qualified for the WTA Tour Championships. For doubles, the top four pairs (previously top eight) pairs qualified for the WTA Tour Championships, but still continued with the single elimination format.

Title: 1999 French Open – Girls' Doubles

Kim Clijsters and Jelena Dokić were the defending champions, but only Clijsters competed with year with Mia Buric

Title: 2016 French Open – Women's Legends Doubles

Kim Clijsters and Martina Navratilova were the defending champions, but decided not to compete together this year. Clijsters played alongside Tracy Austin-Holt, but they were eliminated at the round-robin stage.

Title: 2010 Billie Jean King Cup

The 2010 Billie Jean King Cup was the 2nd edition of this tennis exhibition tournament. Seven-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams, 2009 French Open Champion Svetlana Kuznetsova, and 2009 US Open Champion Kim Clijsters participated. 2009 Australian Open and Wimbledon Champion Serena Williams had to withdraw from the event due to a leg injury. She was replaced by 2008 French Open Champion Ana Ivanovic. In the first semifinal, Clijsters defeated Ivanovic in a tiebreaker (7–2), despite Ivanovic having match point at 5–4 up. Williams defeated Kuznetsova in the second semifinal, 6–4. Williams defeated Clijsters in the championship match by a score of 6–4 3–6 7–5.

Title: Eva Dyrberg

Eva Dyrberg (born 17 February 1980) is a Danish former tennis player. As a junior player, she won 1998 Wimbledon Championships with Jelena Kostanić and 1998 US Open with Kim Clijsters. In 1998, Dyrberg was also ranked World No. 1 in junior doubles and was named ITF Junior Girls Doubles World Champion. During her professional career, she won four singles and five doubles events organized by the International Tennis Federation, defeating players such as Magdalena Maleeva, Tathiana Garbin, Maria Elena Camerin, Nicole Pratt, and reaching one doubles final at WTA Tour, at Sanex Trophy in 2000. She retired from professional tennis after the 2003 Australian Open.

Title: 2004 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Doubles

Kim Clijsters and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions. however Clijsters did not compete in the tournament this year. Sugiyama played alongside Liezel Huber and they reached the final where they were defeated by Cara Black and Rennae Stubbs, 6–3, 7–6.

Title: Kim Clijsters

Kim Antonie Lode Clijsters (] ; born 8 June 1983) is a Belgian former professional tennis player. Clijsters is a former world No. 1 in both singles and doubles.

Title: Mary Pierce

Mary Pierce (born 15 January 1975) is a French retired tennis professional who played on the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) tour. Born in Canada, she is a citizen of Canada, and the United States. Pierce played for France in team competitions and in the Olympics.

Title: 2004 French Open – Women's Doubles

Kim Clijsters and Ai Sugiyama were the defending champions, but Clijsters was chose not to participate. Sugiyama played alongside Liezel Huber, but they lost in the first round to Shinobu Asagoe and Rika Fujiwara in the first round.

Title: The Renaissance Society of America

The Renaissance Society of America (RSA) is an academic association founded in 1954 supporting the study of the Renaissance period, 1300–1650. The RSA brings together scholars from many backgrounds in a wide variety of disciplines from North America and around the world. RSA has over 5,000 members at universities and colleges as professors, instructors, and graduate students; at museums, libraries, and other cultural institutions; independent scholars; and many others interested in Renaissance studies. Its headquarters are in New York City; the annual meeting takes place in changing cities within North America and in Europe.

Title: Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies

The Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies (CMRS) in Oxford, England, is a programme for international students (mainly American) to study in Oxford, and also encourages research in the humanities and fields of medieval and renaissance studies. It was founded by Dr. John and Dr. Sandra J.K.M Feneley in 1975. In 2014, CMRS became part of the global network of Middlebury College C.V. Starr Schools Abroad and is now known as the Middlebury College-CMRS Oxford Humanities Program (M-CMRS). The CMRS has long been affiliated with Keble College, Oxford, and participants are associate members of the College with access to all its facilities. Among the American colleges and universities that have sent students to CMRS are The University of Georgia, Elmhurst College, St. Mary's College of California, St. Mary's College of Maryland, St. Olaf College, William Jewell College, Middlebury College.

Title: Renaissance studies

Renaissance studies (also "Renaissance and Early Modern Studies") is the interdisciplinary study of the Renaissance and early modern period. The field of study often incorporates knowledge from history, art history, literature, music, architecture, history of science, philosophy, classics, and medieval studies.

Title: Mediaeval and Renaissance Studies

Mediaeval and Renaissance Studies was a periodical of the Warburg Institute that was published between 1941 and 1968. It was conceived as a companion to the "Journal of the Warburg and Courtauld Institutes", with each edition including a number of short specialist studies of an aspect of Medieval or Renaissance thought.

Title: Renaissance and Reformation

Renaissance and Reformation / e et Réforme is a bilingual (English and French), multidisciplinary journal devoted to what is currently called the early modern world (see early modern period). R&R was founded by Natalie Zemon Davis and others in 1964, and is sponsored by the Centre for Reformation and Renaissance Studies (CRRS) at Victoria University in the University of Toronto; the Toronto Renaissance Colloquium, the Pacific Northwest Renaissance Society, and the Canadian Society For Renaissance Studies / Société Canadienne D'Études de la Renaissance.

Title: Kevin Sharpe (historian)

Kevin Sharpe (26 January 1949 – 5 November 2011) was a historian, Director of the Centre for Renaissance and Early Modern Studies, Leverhulme Research Professor and Professor of Renaissance Studies at Queen Mary, University of London. He is best known for his work on the reign of Charles I of England.

Title: Michael Bauman

Michael E. Bauman (born 1950) is Professor of Theology and Culture and Director of Christian Studies at Hillsdale College. He is also a member of the faculty of Summit Ministries, in Manitou Springs, CO. He was for eight years Lecturer and Tutor in Renaissance theology and Literature at the Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Oxford, where he also was Associate Dean of the Summer School.

Title: St. Olaf College

St. Olaf College is a coeducational, residential, four-year, private liberal arts college in Northfield, Minnesota, United States. It was founded in 1874 by a group of Norwegian-American immigrant pastors and farmers, led by Pastor Bernt Julius Muus. The college is named after the King and the Patron Saint Olaf II of Norway and is affiliated with the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.

Title: Thomas Madden

Thomas F. Madden (born 1960) is an American historian, a former Chair of the History Department at Saint Louis University in St. Louis, Missouri, and Director of Saint Louis University's Center for Medieval and Renaissance Studies. A specialist on the Crusades, he has often commented in the popular media after the events of September 11, to discuss topics such as how Muslims have viewed the medieval Crusades and their parallels to today's interventions in the Middle East.

Title: Ann Buckley

Buckley holds a B.Mus., M.A. (National University of Ireland), Doctoraal (University of Amsterdam) and a Ph.D. (University of Cambridge). Research Associate at the Centre for Medieval and Renaissance Studies, Trinity College, Dublin.

Title: Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania

Wilkes-Barre ( or ) is a city in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the county seat of Luzerne County. It is one of the principal cities in the "Scranton–Wilkes-Barre–Hazleton, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area". Located at the center of the Wyoming Valley, it is second in size to the nearby city of Scranton. The Scranton–Wilkes-Barre–Hazleton, PA Metropolitan Statistical Area had a population of 563,631 as of the 2010 Census, making it the fourth-largest metro/statistical area in the state of Pennsylvania. Wilkes-Barre and the surrounding Wyoming Valley are framed by the Pocono Mountains to the east, the Endless Mountains to the west, and the Lehigh Valley to the south. The Susquehanna River flows through the center of the valley and defines the northwestern border of the city.

Title: Lynd, Minnesota

Lynd is a city in Lyon County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 448 at the 2010 census. Lynd is a small but growing community in southwestern Minnesota. The development of a new golf course and an additional housing development have started a growth trend that may eventually double the size of the community. It is primarily a bedroom community for individuals who work in the nearby city of Marshall. Despite being much smaller in size, it historically played a more significant role in the area. The Kiel and Morgan Hotel in the town was the original Lyon County seat.

Title: Carencro, Louisiana

Carencro ( ; historically French: "St.-Pierre" ) is a small city in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana. It is a suburb of the nearby city of Lafayette. The population was 7,526 at the 2010 census, up from 6,120 at the 2000 census. Its name comes from the Cajun French word for buzzard: the spot was one where large flocks of buzzards roosted in the bald cypress trees. The name means "carrion crow."

Title: Burns, Oregon

Burns is a city in and the county seat of Harney County, in the U.S. state of Oregon. According to the 2010 census, the population was 2,806. Burns and the nearby city of Hines are home to about 60 percent of the people in the sparsely populated county, the largest in Oregon and the ninth largest in the United States.

Title: Mount Vernon, Iowa

Mount Vernon is a city in Linn County, Iowa, United States, adjacent to the city of Lisbon. The city's population was 3,390 when the 2000 census figures were released, but that number was later revised to 3,808 because the Census Bureau had incorrectly reported that 418 residents of a Cornell College dormitory in Mount Vernon lived in the nearby city of Bertram. A special census taken by the city in 2004 counted 4,171 residents. The population was 4,506 at the 2010 census. Mount Vernon is part of the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Title: Collins, Mississippi

Collins is a city in Covington County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 2,586 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Covington County.

Title: Spring Creek, Nevada

Spring Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) in central Elko County, in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. It mainly serves as a bedroom community for the businesses and industries in and around the nearby city of Elko. It is part of the Elko Micropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 12,361 at the 2010 census.

Title: Hot Coffee, Mississippi

Hot Coffee is a locale in Covington County, Mississippi, celebrated in local Mississippi lore. It is sometimes assigned the same zipcode as nearby Collins.

Title: Dibble, Oklahoma

Dibble is a town in McClain County, Oklahoma, United States. The population within city limits was 878 at the 2010 census. The town was named after two brothers, James and John Dibble. The community has 8,868 residents in its 73031 zipcode, according to Sperling's Best Places. Dibble is in the outer suburban area west of Purcell, OK, and southwest of Norman, OK, in the Oklahoma City Metropolitan Area, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

Title: Huaihua

Huaihua () is a prefecture-level city in the south western Hunan, China. it covers 27,564 km2 and is bordered by Xiangxi to the northern west; Zhangjiajie, Changde to the north; Yiyang, Loudi and Shaoyang to the east; Guilin and Liuzhou of Guangxi to the south; Qiandongnan, Tongren of Guizhou to the southern west. It has 4,741,948 of population (2010 census), shares 7.22% of the province. According to 2010 Census, there are 2,909,574 Han Chinese, Han shares 61.4% of the population, 1,832,289 population of minorities, 38.6%; Dong, Miao, Tujia, Yao and Bai are major native minorities. Huaihua is the central region of Dong ethnic population, there lives 816,481 Dong people (2010 census), it shares 28.35 per centage of Chinese Dong ethnic group.

Title: David Oliver (hurdler)

David Oliver (born April 24, 1982), is an American hurdling athlete. As a professional athlete, he competes in the 110 meter hurdles event outdoor and the 60 meter hurdles event indoor. He is the former 110 meter hurdles champion winning the gold medal at the World Championships in Moscow with a time of 13 seconds. He won the bronze medal in the 2008 Olympic Games and won another bronze at the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships.

Title: Maj Jacobsson

Maj Jacobsson (25 November 1909 – 31 January 1996) was a Swedish athlete who won the 80 m hurdles event at the 1930 Women's World Games. Domestically she won eight titles in 1929–1930, in the 80 m, 80 m hurdles, 200 m, long jump and standing long jump.

Title: Ross Baillie

Ross Baillie (26 September 1977 – 18 June 1999) was a Scottish track and field athlete, older brother of Commonwealth Silver medal winner Chris Baillie. Both his parents were also track and field athletes, father Hugh representing Great Britain at 400m, and mother Sheila being a former Scottish champion at 80m hurdles (superseded by the 100m hurdles since 1968). Deemed by Colin Jackson to be his natural successor in the 110m hurdles event for Great Britain, he died at the age of 21. Fittingly, since his death, the records set by Ross have been broken by his brother.

Title: Oluwatobiloba Amusan

Oluwatobiloba Ayomide Amusan (born April 23, 1997) is a Nigerian sprinter. She claimed gold in the 100 metres hurdles event at the 2015 African Junior Athletics Championships in Addis Ababa. In 2015, while making her All-Africa Games debut, she won gold in the 100 metres hurdles event at the 2015 All-Africa Games. Her team mate, Lindsay Lindley was third. She was also a silver medallist at the 2013 African Youth Championships in Warri.

Title: Aron Koech

Aron Kipchumba Koech (also known as Haron Koech; born 27 January 1990) is a Kenyan hurdler. At the 2015 Athletics Kenya World Championship Trials he finished third in the 400 metres hurdles event. Later that year he represented Kenya in the 400 metres hurdles event at the 2015 World Championships in Athletics in Beijing, China. With a personal best, in a time of 49.38, he finished 22nd in the heats. He was qualified for the semi finals where he finished 19th in a time of 49.54. Again in 2016 he finished third at the 2016 Athletics Kenya Olympic Trials behind his brother and Boniface Mucheru Tumuti. At the Olympics, Koech made the final while his brother was disqualified in the heats. Tumuti went on to capture the silver medal in National Record time, while Koech finished seventh. His 48.49 in the semi final round is her personal record.

Title: Edith Noeding

Edith Noeding (born November 3, 1954 in Lobitos District) is a retired female track and field athlete from Peru, who competed in the hurdles event during her career. She won the gold medal at the 1975 Pan American Games in the women's 100 metres hurdles event. There Noeding set her personal best in the women's 100 metres hurdles event on October 19, 1975, clocking 13.56 in Mexico City. She represented Peru at the 1972 Summer Olympics and 1976 Summer Olympics.

Title: Lauren Wells (athlete)

Lauren Wells (née Boden) (born 3 August 1988) is an Australian athletics competitor. Her events are the 400 metre hurdles, 400 metres and long jump. She was the youngest woman to win the 400 metres hurdle event at the Australian national championships. She has competed in the long jump event and the 400 metres hurdle event at the World University Games. She has competed at the 2006 and 2010 Commonwealth Games and the 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympics in the 400 metre hurdles event.

Title: Deby LaPlante

Deborah C. "Deby" LaPlante (, in second marriage Smith; born April 3, 1953) is a retired female track and field athlete from the United States, who competed in the hurdles event. She twice won a medal at the Pan American Games during her career. LaPlante set her personal best in the women's 100m hurdles event on June 16, 1979, clocking 12.86 in Walnut, California.

Title: Jo Ann Terry

Jo Ann Terry-Grissom (born August 4, 1938 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a retired female hurdler from the United States, who represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1960. Affiliated with the Tennessee State University she won the 80 m hurdles event at the 1963 Pan American Games.

Title: 1963 Pan American Games

The 4th Pan American Games were held from April 20 to May 5, 1963, in São Paulo, Brazil.

Title: List of songs recorded by Goldfrapp

English electronic music duo Goldfrapp have recorded songs for five studio albums, one compilation album and guest features. After signing a contract with record label Mute Records in August 1999, Goldfrapp began to work on their debut studio album, "Felt Mountain", which was released in 2000. Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory wrote almost all of its songs, and would continue to do so for their later albums. The album's only collaboration was with Tim Norfolk and Bob Locke of the band Startled Insects on the album's third single "Human". The following year, Goldfrapp collaborated with Adrian Utley on the song "End Titles" for the "Accelerator" soundtrack.

Title: Anymore (Goldfrapp song)

"Anymore" is a song performed by English group Goldfrapp from their seventh studio album "Silver Eye" (2017). It was released as a CD single and digital download on 23 January 2017 through Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton. The song incorporates several genres, including dance-pop, electronica and synth-pop, and takes influence from disco and glitch music. Critics noticed similarities between "Anymore" and the music from their 2003 album "Black Cherry". Lyrically, Goldfrapp sings in robotic vocals about romance, which one critic felt referenced their 2005 single "Ooh La La".

Title: Alive (Goldfrapp song)

"Alive" is a song by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp from their fifth studio album, "Head First" (2010). It was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and Will Gregory, with additional production by Richard X. The song was released on 7 June 2010 as the album's second single. The single failed to chart on the UK Singles Chart, while becoming Goldfrapp's fifth single to top the Hot Dance Club Songs chart in the United States.

Title: Pearl Lowe

Pearl Lowe (born Pearl Samantha Davis; 1970), is an English fashion and textiles designer, and former singer-songwriter.

Title: Alison Goldfrapp

Alison Elizabeth Margaret Goldfrapp (born 13 May 1966) is an English musician and record producer, best known as the lead vocalist of the electronic music duo Goldfrapp.

Title: Ocean (Goldfrapp song)

"Ocean" is a song by English group Goldfrapp from their seventh studio album "Silver Eye" (2017). It was released as the album's first promotional single on 10 March 2017 through Mute Records. The song was written and produced by Alison Goldfrapp and William Owen Gregory, with additional production coming from The Haxan Cloak and John Congleton. An electronic and synth-rock song, "Ocean" marks the return of Goldfrapp's heavy use of synths in their music. Written in couplets, the lyrics were described as dark by several commentators.

Title: Train (Goldfrapp song)

"Train" is an electronic dance song written by British group Goldfrapp for their second album "Black Cherry" (2003). The song was produced by Goldfrapp and received a very positive reception from music critics. It was released as the lead single in the second quarter of 2003 and reached the top thirty in the United Kingdom, where it became Goldfrapp's first top thirty single. The original title of the song was "Wolf Lady", which makes reference to the lyrics in the second verse of the song. The lyrics of "Train" are based on Alison Goldfrapp's observations while in Los Angeles, California. She stated that the song describes wealth, drugs, and sex with "a sort of disgust of it and at the same time a sort of need to indulge in these things."

Title: Strict Machine

"Strict Machine" is an electronic dance song written by British group Goldfrapp and Nick Batt for their second studio album "Black Cherry" (2003). It was produced by Goldfrapp and describes laboratory rats in neuroscience experiments. Alison Goldfrapp read in a newspaper about experiments in which scientists stimulated rats' brains so that the rats would feel joy when following commands. She was inspired to write "Strict Machine" based on images of the experiment and "more human aspects of machines and sex and control."

Title: Ride a White Horse

"Ride a White Horse" is a song performed by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp. The song was written by Alison Goldfrapp, Will Gregory and Nick Batt for Goldfrapp's third album "Supernature" (2005). The song was inspired by the disco era nightclub Studio 54.

Title: Seventh Tree

Seventh Tree is the fourth studio album by English electronic music duo Goldfrapp, released on 22 February 2008 by Mute Records. It was named after a dream Alison Goldfrapp had about a "very large tree". Taking inspiration from paganism and surreal English children's books, Goldfrapp described the album as a "sensual counterpoint to the glitterball glamour of "Supernature"", their previous studio album from 2005.

Title: Matheson &amp; Company

Matheson & Company was a London-based trading house closely associated with Jardine Matheson of Hong Kong and Jardine Skinner of Calcutta. It arranged finance and handled imports from those two companies of products such as tea, silk and jute. Matheson & Company also became involved in venture-capital, specializing in mining. The company was a member of the consortium that formed the Rio Tinto Company. After 1912 it became a subsidiary of Jardine Matheson.

Title: Robert Thom (translator)

Robert Thom (; 1807 – 14 September 1846) was an English nineteenth century Chinese language translator and diplomat based in Canton (modern day Guangzhou) who worked for the trading house Jardine, Matheson & Co. and was seconded to the British armed forces during the First Opium War (1839 – 1842).

Title: British Central Africa Company

The British Central Africa Company Ltd was one of the four largest European-owned companies that operated in colonial Nyasaland, now Malawi. The company was incorporated in 1902 to acquire the business interests that Eugene Sharrer, an early settler and entrepreneur, had developed in the British Central Africa Protectorate. Sharrer became the majority shareholder of the company on its foundation. The company initially had trading and transport interests, but these were sold by the 1930s. For most of the colonial period, its extensive estates produced cotton, tobacco or tea but the British Central Africa Company Ltd developed the reputation of being a harsh and exploitative landlord whose relations with its tenants were poor. In 1962, shortly before independence, the company sold most of its undeveloped land to the Nyasaland government, but it retained some plantations and two tea factories. It changed its name to The Central Africa Company Ltd and was acquired by the Lonrho group, both in 1964.

Title: Eugene Sharrer

Eugene Charles Albert Sharrer was a British subject by naturalisation but of German descent, who was a leading entrepreneur in what is now Malawi for around fifteen years between his arrival in 1888 and his departure. He rapidly built-up commercial operations including wholesale and retail trading, considerable holdings of land, cotton and coffee plantations and a fleet of steamers on the Zambezi and Shire rivers. Sharrer was prominent in pressure groups that represented the interests of European planters and their businesses to the colonial authorities, and was responsible for the development of the first railway in what had become the British Central Africa Protectorate, whose construction was agreed in 1902. In 1902, Sharrer consolidate all his business interests into the British Central Africa Company Ltd and became its principal shareholder Shortly after this he left British Central Africa permanently for London, although he retained his financial interests in the territory. Very little is known of his history before he arrived in Central Africa but he died in London during the First World War.

Title: Prediction Company

Prediction Company was founded in Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA, in March 1991 by J. Doyne Farmer, Norman Packard and James McGill. The company uses forecasting techniques to build black-box trading systems for financial markets, mainly employing statistical learning theory. In September 1992, Prediction Company entered into an exclusive contract with O'Connor and Associates, a Chicago derivatives trading house, to provide investment advice and technology. Soon after O'Connor merged with Swiss Bank Corporation, which later merged with Union Bank of Switzerland (UBS). Prediction Company's contract was renewed multiple times and in 2005 UBS purchased Prediction Company outright. After being a wholly owned subsidiary of UBS, Prediction Company was acquired in 2013 by an affiliate of Millennium Partners, L.P.

Title: J. &amp; N. Philips

J. & N. Philips and Company was a business established in 1747 by members of the Philips family, and which ceased trading in 1970. Originally based in Tean, Staffordshire, England, the business was a manufacturer of textile products that expanded both by organic growth and by taking over other businesses involved in the manufacture and merchanting of textile products and smallware. It formed a part of a network of companies operated by the family, whose business interests came to include manufacture of hats and textiles such as linen smallwares, silks and fustians, as well as cotton spinning and dealing, power loom weaving, export merchanting and general warehousing. The family was also involved in politics, with George Philips, Mark Philips and Robert Needham Philips all being Members of Parliament and all promoting the ideals of Manchesterism while in office. George's son, George Richard Philips, was also a member of the House of Commons.

Title: Jardine Matheson

Jardine Matheson Holdings Limited, also known as Jardines, is a British conglomerate incorporated in Bermuda, with its primary listing on the Singapore Exchange. The majority of its business interests are in Asia, and its subsidiaries include Jardine Pacific, Jardine Motors, Jardine Lloyd Thompson, Hongkong Land, Jardine Strategic Holdings, Dairy Farm, Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group, Jardine Cycle & Carriage and Astra International.

Title: David Sheepshanks

David Richard Sheepshanks CBE DL is the founding and current Chairman of the St George's Park National Football Centre and former Chairman of Ipswich Town FC. He is also chairman of UK Community Foundations (UKCF), the umbrella organisation for all community foundations in the UK, providing philanthropic advice to clients and delivering UK-wide grant-making programmes. Other business interests include non Executive roles with Coutts Bank, 21st Club and Onside Law. Past business interests included Starfish Ltd 1980-1990 and Suffolk Foods Ltd which he founded in 1990 with his brother Rick and where he was Chairman and a majority shareholder before selling in 2004. He also served externally on various local radio station Boards including Chairman of VIBE FM in 1990 and Director of Radio Orwell and BBC Radio Suffolk Advisory Board.

Title: London Penny Post

The London Penny Post was a premier postal system whose function was to deliver mail within London and its immediate suburbs for the modest sum of one penny. The Penny Post was established in 1680 by William Dockwra and his business partner, Robert Murray. Dockwra was a merchant and a member of the Armourer and Brasiers Livery Company and was appointed a Customs Under-Searcher for the Port of London in 1663. Murray would later become clerk in the excise office of the Penny Post. The London Penny Post mail service was launched with weeks of publicity preceding it on 27 March 1680. The new London Penny Post provided the city of London with a much needed inter-city mail delivery system. The new Penny Post was influential in establishing a model system and pattern for the various Provincial English Penny Posts in the years that followed. It was the first postal system to use hand-stamps to postmark the mail to indicate the place and time of the mailing and that its postage had been prepaid. The success of the Penny Post would also threaten the interests of the Duke of York who profited directly from the existing general post office. It also compromised the business interests of porters and private couriers. The Penny Post was also involved in publishing various criticisms towards the British monarchy, the Duke of York in particular, which ultimately led to the take over of the Penny Post by crown authorities. The earliest known Penny Post postmark is dated 13 December 1680 and is considered by some to be the world's first postage 'stamp'.

Title: Bonyic Dam

The Bonyic Dam is a gravity dam on the Bonyic River, a tributary of the Teribe River about 24 km southwest of Changuinola in the Bocas del Toro province of northwestern Panama. The project produce hydroelectricity at a 32.64 MW power station about 3.8 km downstream of the dam. The builder and operator is Hidroécología Teribe (HET) S.A., a private Panamanian company whose majority stockholder is Empresas Públicas de Medellín (EPM), a public utility company owned by the municipal government of Medellín, Colombia. The dam construction was subject to controversies that have resulted in the removal of its funding by the Inter-American Development Bank. The Bonyic dam would obstruct access for migrating fish to La Amistad International Park. Members of the local indigenous people, the Naso, have periodically blockaded the single road to delay construction for a cumulative total of four years.

Title: Imi Lichtenfeld

Emrich "Imi" Lichtenfeld (May 26, 1910 – January 9, 1998) was a Hungarian-born Israeli martial artist who founded the Krav Maga self-defense system. He was also known as Imi Sde-Or, the Hebrew calque of his surname.

Title: AIL M325 Command Car

The AIL M325 Command Car is a 4x4 military truck produced by the Automotive Industries Limited (AIL) of Nazareth in Israel from 1970 to 1993 for use by the Israel Defense Forces. The M325 is a light, versatile truck designed for carrying up to 12 troops and radio equipment while being fitted with up to four 7.62 mm machine guns. Mechanically, it is based on the Dodge Power Wagon, which it succeeded in service for the Israel Defense Forces.

Title: IDF Caterpillar D9

The Israeli Armored CAT D9—nicknamed "Doobi" (Hebrew: דובי‎ ‎ , for teddy bear)—is a Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer that was modified by the Israel Defense Forces, Israeli Military Industries and Israel Aerospace Industries to increase the survivability of the bulldozer in hostile environments and enable it to withstand heavy attacks, thus making it suitable for military combat engineering use. The IDF Caterpillar D9 is operated by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Combat Engineering Corps for combat engineering and counter-terrorism operations.

Title: Krav Maga

Krav Maga ( ; Hebrew: קְרַב מַגָּע‎ ] , "lit." "contact-combat") is a military self-defense system developed for the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and Israeli security forces (Shin Bet and Mossad) that consists of a combination of techniques sourced from Boxing, Wrestling, Aikido, Judo, Karate along with realistic fight training. Krav Maga is known for its focus on real-world situations and its extreme efficiency and brutal counter-attacks. It was derived from the street-fighting experience of Hungarian-Israeli martial artist Imi Lichtenfeld, who made use of his training as a boxer and wrestler as a means of defending the Jewish quarter against fascist groups in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia in the mid-to-late 1930s. In the late 1940s, following his migration to Israel, he began to provide lessons on combat training to what was to become the IDF.

Title: Women in the Israel Defense Forces

Women in the Israel Defense Forces are female soldiers who serve in the Israel Defense Forces. Israel is one of only a few countries in the world with a mandatory military service requirement for women.

Title: Moshe Kaplinsky

Maj. Gen. Moshe Kaplinsky (Hebrew: משה קפלינסקי; born January 20, 1957), was the CEO of Better Place Israel. Most recently, he was Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Israel Defense Forces. He was previously head of the Israel Defense Forces's Central Command, whose area of responsibility includes the West Bank. As Deputy Chief of the General Staff he was second in command of the Israel Defense Forces.

Title: Israel Defense Forces History Museum

The Israel Defense Forces History Museum (Hebrew: בתי האוסף‎ ‎ , Batei HaOsef, "lit." The Collection Houses) is a museum dedicated to the history of Israel's military, from the underground organizations active during the British Mandate for Palestine to the modern Israel Defense Forces. The museum is located in southern Tel Aviv, next to the Jaffa Railway Station. There is a TAR-21 present to be examined.

Title: Friends of the Israel Defense Forces

Friends of the Israel Defense Forces (FIDF) (in Hebrew ארגון ידידי צה״ל בארה״ב) is an organization established in 1981 dedicated to the men and women serving in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF), wounded veterans, and the families of fallen soldiers. Headquartered in New York City, Friends of the Israel Defense Forces is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization that operates fifteen regional offices in the United States and Panama. Friends of the Israel Defense Forces initiates and supports educational, social, cultural and recreational programs and facilities in an effort to ease the burden that the Israel Defense Forces' soldiers and their families carry on behalf of the Jewish community worldwide.

Title: Galgalatz

Galgalatz (Hebrew: גלגלצ‎ ‎ ) is a popular Israeli radio station operated by Israel Defense Forces Radio. This is the second of two Israel Defense Forces-operated stations, while the first one is Israel Defense Forces Radio/Galatz. The station was established in 1993 and broadcasts primarily nonstop pop music and traffic reports, and few content programs. The station was established with the aid of the Israeli Ministry of Transportation (the Israeli National Authority for Traffic Safety), and frequently broadcasts Traffic Safety messages. At the top of every hour the station broadcasts a news report.

Title: Zvi Zamir

Zvi Zamir (Hebrew: צבי זמיר‎ ‎ ) born Zvicka Zarzevsky (born 1925) was a major general in the Israel Defense Forces and the Director of the Mossad from 1968 to 1974. Born in Poland, Zamir immigrated with his family to the then British Mandate of Palestine when only seven months old. At the age of 18 Zamir began his military career, first as a soldier in the Haganah's Palmach, a unit that included future Israeli leaders among the likes of Moshe Dayan and Yitzhak Rabin. During the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, Zamir fought in the newly created Israel Defense Forces. After the war he continued climbing the chain of command, eventually promoted to the Commander of the Southern Command. His final IDF post before being appointed Mossad Director came in 1966 when he was appointed the military attaché to London.

Title: Wheel in the Sky

"Wheel in the Sky" is a song by the American rock band Journey, recorded in 1977 and included on their fourth studio album, "Infinity." It was written and composed by Robert Fleischman, Neal Schon and Diane Valory.

Title: All Systems Go (Vinnie Vincent Invasion album)

All Systems Go is the second and final studio album by American glam metal band Vinnie Vincent Invasion, released on May 17, 1988. "All Systems Go" featured new vocalist Mark Slaughter, who replaced Robert Fleischman. The band toured in support for the album, headlining small clubs, but broke up after the completion of the tour at the end of August 1988. The album features Yngwie Malmsteen's vocalist Jeff Scott Soto on backing vocals.

Title: (No Pussyfooting)

(No Pussyfooting) is the debut studio album by the British musicians Robert Fripp and Brian Eno (credited as Fripp & Eno). The album was released in 1973. " (No Pussyfooting)" was the first of three major collaborations between the musicians, growing out of Eno's early tape recording loop experiments and Fripp's "Frippertronics" electric guitar technique.

Title: Trance Spirits

Trance Spirits (2002) is the collaborative album by American ambient musicians Steve Roach, Jeffrey Fayman and guest musicians Robert Fripp and Momodou Kah.

Title: Jimmy Crespo

James Crespo, Jr. (born July 5, 1954 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American guitarist. He was the lead guitarist for Aerosmith from 1979 until 1984. He co-wrote "Rock in a Hard Place" with Steven Tyler, and has performed or recorded with Rod Stewart, Billy Squier, Meat Loaf, Stevie Nicks, Robert Fleischman, Rough Cutt, Renegade, Flame and others.

Title: Tin Lids

The Tin Lids were an Australian children's pop group formed in 1990 with Eliza-Jane Barnes, Elly-May Barnes, Jackie Barnes and Mahalia Barnes: all on vocals. They are the four offspring of Jimmy Barnes and Jane Mahoney. The group released three albums, "Hey Rudolph!" (November 1991) – which peaked at No. 6 on the ARIA Albums Chart, "Snakes & Ladders" (July 1992) – which was nominated for the ARIA Award for Best Children's Album in 1993, and "Dinosaur Dreaming" (1993).

Title: Freight Train Heart

Freight Train Heart is the third studio album by Australian rock singer Jimmy Barnes, released in late 1987 in Australia by Mushroom Records and in early 1988 in the United States by Geffen. It spent 5 weeks at the top of the Australian Album charts in Dec 1987 / Jan 1988. Most of the tracks were written by Barnes and producer Jonathan Cain, however "Waitin' for the Heartache" was co-written by Barnes and Desmond Child and "Walk On" was co-written by Child and ex-Rainbow vocalist Joe Lynn Turner; (Turner would later record his own version with his band Sunstorm). Two songs were also written with Jim Vallance. According to Vallance, Cain also contributed "later", most likely during the recording process.

Title: Robert Fleischman

Robert Fleischman (born March 11, 1953) is an American musician, songwriter, and record producer.

Title: Jimmy Barnes

James Dixon Swan {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 28 April 1956), better known as Jimmy Barnes, is a Scottish-Australian rock singer-songwriter. His career both as a solo performer and as the lead vocalist with the rock band Cold Chisel has made him one of the most popular and best-selling Australian music artists of all time. The combination of 14 Australian Top 40 albums for Cold Chisel and 13 charting solo albums, including nine No. 1s, gives Barnes the highest number of hit albums of any Australian artist.

Title: Michael Lee (musician)

Michael Lee (19 November 1969 – 24 November 2008) was an English drummer who toured and recorded with former Led Zeppelin musicians Robert Plant and Jimmy Page.

Title: Emerson Electric

The Emerson Electric Company () is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson, Missouri, United States. This Fortune 500 company manufactures products and provides engineering services for a wide range of industrial, commercial, and consumer markets.

Title: Computer Sciences Corporation

Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) was an American multinational corporation that provided information technology (IT) services and professional services. On April 3, 2017, it merged with HP Enterprise Services to create DXC Technology.

Title: ManpowerGroup

ManpowerGroup (formerly known as Manpower Inc.) is a Fortune 500 American multinational corporation headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Founded in 1948 by Elmer Winter and Aaron Scheinfeld, ManpowerGroup is the third-largest staffing firm in the world behind Swiss firm Adecco and Dutch firm Randstad. The company provides administrative & support services, professional services, and business services through its four primary brands: Manpower (contingent staffing & permanent recruitment), Experis (professional resourcing and project-based solutions), Right Management (career management, workforce consulting, and training & development), and ManpowerGroup Solutions (managed services and outsourcing).

Title: Sykes Enterprises

Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (stylized as SYKES) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Tampa, Florida. The company provides business process outsourcing services, IT consulting and IT-enabled services, such as technical support and customer service.

Title: Cognizant

Cognizant is an American multinational corporation that provides IT services, including digital, technology, consulting, and operations services. It is headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey, United States. Cognizant is listed in the NASDAQ-100 and the S&P 500 indices. It was founded as an in-house technology unit of Dun & Bradstreet in 1994, and started serving external clients in 1996.

Title: Active Network, LLC

Active Network, LLC, is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Dallas, Texas, that provides software as a service for activity and participant management. Active's management software supports a range of clients including: races, recreation, outdoor activities, camps, churches, golf courses, sports, schools, skiing services and attractions.

Title: Verifone

Verifone is an American multinational corporation headquartered in San Jose, California that provides technology for electronic payment transactions and value-added services at the point-of-sale.

Title: Flowserve

The Flowserve Corporation is an American multinational corporation and one of the largest suppliers of industrial and environmental machinery such as pumps, valves, end face mechanical seals, automation, and services to the power, oil, gas, chemical and other industries. Headquartered in Irving, Texas, which is a suburb of Dallas, Texas, Flowserve has over 19,000 employees in more than 60 countries. Flowserve sells products and offers aftermarket services to engineering and construction firms, original equipment manufacturers, distributors and end users. The Flowserve brand name originated in 1997 with a merger of BW/IP and Durco International.

Title: Dell EMC

Dell EMC (EMC Corporation until 2016) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Hopkinton, Massachusetts, United States. Dell EMC sells data storage, information security, virtualization, analytics, cloud computing and other products and services that enable organizations to store, manage, protect, and analyze data. Dell EMC's target markets include large companies and small- and medium-sized businesses across various vertical markets. The company's stock (as EMC Corporation) was added to the New York Stock Exchange on April 6, 1986, and was also listed on the S&P 500 index.

Title: Mirabeau (company)

Mirabeau B.V. is a digital agency headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Mirabeau has offices also in Eindhoven, and Rotterdam — both in the Netherlands — Paris, and Guangzhou. It employs about 300 people. The company was acquired by Cognizant in 2016.

Title: Darrel Chaney

Darrel Lee Chaney (born March 9, 1948, in Hammond, Indiana) is an American former player/announcer in Major League Baseball who played for the Cincinnati Reds and Atlanta Braves from 1969 to 1979. In the early 1980s he worked for the Braves as an announcer along with Ernie Johnson, Skip Caray and Pete Van Wieren. He was on the Atlanta Braves Radio Network as well as WTBS-TV.

Title: Abraham's family tree

Abraham is known as the patriarch of the Jewish people through Isaac, the son born to him and Sarah in their old age and the patriarch of Islam through his son Ishmael, born to Abraham and his wife’s servant Hagar.

Title: The Minotaur in House of Leaves

The Minotaur or Minotauros was the son born of lust to Queen Pasiphae of Crete and a bull. He had the body of a man and the head of a bull and was more beast than human. The creature was banished by King Minos to reside in the centre of a labyrinth in Knossos built by the ingenious architect Daedalus and his son Icarus. The Minotaur was nursed by Queen Pasiphae as a child but grew to devour humans, so he was safely put away in the maze contrived so carefully and trickily that it was impossible for anyone that entered to navigate or escape it. The Athenians were forced to pay a tribute to King Minos by sacrificing seven of their maidens and seven of their men, unarmed, to the Minotaur every nine years. The Minotaur eventually fell prey to the sword of Theseus. It is also rumoured that the Minotaur was in fact the offspring of King Minos but his unsightly and grotesque appearance was shameful to King Minos and was the reason why the Minotaur was banished under the pretext of inspiring fear and cannibalistic capabilities.

Title: Sunsum

In the mythology of the Ashanti people and Akan people, the Sunsum is one's Spirit. The Sunsum is what connects the body (honam) to the soul (Kra). The Sunsum can be transmitted in a variety of ways, including from father to son during conception. This power is used to protect the carriers of this spirit. When a man dies, the Sunsum returns to the metaphorical house of the father in wait to be reincarnated in the next son born of the men of that family.

Title: Mithridates IV of Parthia

Mithridates IV of Parthia (flourished 1st century & 2nd century) was a Prince of Iranian and Greek ancestry. He ruled as King of the Parthian Empire from 129 to 140. Mithridates IV was the youngest son born to Vonones II from a Greek concubine and was one of the brothers of Osroes I of Parthia (109–129). During the invasion of Mesopotamia by the Roman emperor Trajan (98–117) in 116, he and his son Sanatruces II of Parthia, took up the diadem but were defeated. After the death of Osroes I in 129 he assumed the throne and continued the struggle with the rival King Vologases III of Parthia (105–147). He died in an attack on Commagene in 140. Mithridates IV had appointed his son Sanatruces II as his successor, but Sanatruces II fell in a battle with the Romans. Another son, Vologases IV of Parthia (147–191), took the throne after the death of Vologases III in 147.

Title: James Chaney

James Earl Chaney (May 30, 1943 – June 21, 1964), from Meridian, Mississippi, was one of three American civil rights workers who were murdered during Freedom Summer by members of the Ku Klux Klan near Philadelphia, Mississippi. The others were Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwerner from New York City.

Title: Nijō Kanemoto

Nijō Kanemoto (二条 兼基 , 1268–1334) , son of regent Nijō Yoshizane and adopted son of Nijō Morotada, was a Japanese "kugyō" (court noble) of the Kamakura period (1185–1333) of Japan. He held regent positions sesshō in 1298 and kampaku from 1300 to 1305. Regent Nijō Michihira was his son born by a concubine. His wife was a daughter of regent Kujō Tadanori; she gave birth to a son who was adopted by Imakōji family and became known as Imakōji Yoshifuyu, and a daughter who later married Kujō Fusazane.

Title: Savarni Manu

According to Hindu mythology, there are 14 Manus specified. As per Hindu texts present Manvantara runs on the name of seventh Manu i.e. Vaivasvata Manu. Next coming Manu i.e. eighth Manu name is Savarni Manu or Surya Savarnika Manu. Surya Savarnika means resemblance of Sun. He is the son born to the sun-god Surya and wife named Chhaya. Savarni's sons would be headed by Nirmoka, and among the demigods are the Sutapas. Bali, the son of Virochana, is Indra, and Galava and Parashurama are among the seven sages. In this age of Manu, the incarnation of the Supreme Personality of Godhead appears as Sarvabhauma, the son of Devaguhya and Sarasvati. On the name of this Manu the only Ashram i.e. S S M Ashramam i.e Surya Savarnika Manavu Ashramam has been established at Garlavoddu, in India.

Title: Payne baronets

The Payne Baronetcy, of St Christopher's in the West Indies, was a title in the Baronetage of Great Britain. It was created on 31 October 1737 for Charles Payne. According to some sources that title became extinct on the death of the second Baronet, Sir Gillis Payne, in 1801. Sir Gillis was in a relationship with a farmer's daughter, Maria Keeling. They apparently married in 1761 although several children had been born before this date. Peter Payne was the eldest son born after the marriage and would normally have succeeded in the title. However, he allowed his eldest brother John Payne to assume the title, although John was illegitimate. John died in 1803 when his son Charles assumed the title. However, in 1828 Peter Payne raised the question in the courts over who was the rightful baronet. The Court of Chancery declared that he was the rightful heir to his father, but this was overturned by the Lord Chancellor in 1829. Nonetheless, during his lifetime Sir Peter was universally acknowledged as a baronet. Most reference books on the British nobility and baronetage include the title, although they describe it as being in dispute between rival branches of the family. Charles Robert Salusbury Payne, the supposed sixth Baronet, appears to have discontinued the claim around 1900.

Title: Fannie Lee Chaney

Fannie Lee Chaney (September 4, 1921 – May 22, 2007) was an American baker turned civil rights activist after her son James Chaney was murdered by the Ku Klux Klan during the 1964 Freedom Summer rides in Mississippi.

Title: Conrad Black

Conrad Moffat Black, Lord Black of Crossharbour, KSG (born 25 August 1944) is a Canadian-born British former newspaper publisher and author. He is a non-affiliated life peer.

Title: RAF Bomber Command Memorial

The Royal Air Force Bomber Command Memorial is a memorial in Green Park, London, commemorating the crews of RAF Bomber Command who embarked on missions during the Second World War. The memorial, located on Piccadilly near Hyde Park Corner, was built to mark the sacrifice of 55,573 aircrew from Britain, Canada, Czechoslovakia, Poland and other countries of the Commonwealth, as well as civilians of all nations killed during raids.

Title: Canada Memorial

The Canada Memorial in Green Park, London, United Kingdom, commemorates members of the Canadian Forces killed during the First and Second World Wars. It was designed by the Canadian sculptor Pierre Granche, erected in 1992 and unveiled by Queen Elizabeth II in 1994. The memorial was the result of lobbying and fund raising, much of it in Canada, by the former Canadian media tycoon Conrad Black.

Title: Cenotaph War Memorial, Colombo

The Cenotaph War Memorial in Viharamahadevi Park, Colombo, Sri Lanka is dedicated to the military personal from Ceylon killed in action during the two world wars. It comprises a towering Cenotaph and Memorial Walls. The foundation stone was laid by Brigadier General Sir William Henry Manning, Governor of Ceylon on December 7, 1921 and was unveiled by him October 27, 1923 at the Galle Face Green and was known as the Victory tower. It was dismantled and re-erected at Victoria Park, during World War II after fears that the Japanese might use it as a marker to direct their artillery. The Cenotaph contains the names of those killed in the Great War, while the Memorial Wall behind it maintains the names of those killed in the Second World War. A single woman, Miss L. Midwood is listed among the dead of the Great war.

Title: African and Caribbean War Memorial

The African and Caribbean War Memorial in Brixton, London, is the United Kingdom's national memorial to African and Caribbean service personnel who fought in the First and Second World Wars. It originated with a project for a memorial to Caribbean Royal Air Force veterans of World War II who arrived in Britain in 1948 on the MV "Empire Windrush"; this was an extension of the commemorative plaque and sculpture scheme run by the Nubian Jak Community Trust to highlight the historic contributions of Black and minority ethnic people in Britain. The memorial was originally to have been placed at Tilbury Docks, as part of the commemoration for the centenary of the outbreak of World War I. However, as the project began to evolve into a larger tribute that included both World Wars and commemorated servicemen and women from both Africa and the Caribbean, it was agreed by the memorial recipient – the Port of Tilbury – and the project organisers that a new, more accessible location needed to found. The memorial was ultimately permanently installed and unveiled on 22 June 2017 in Windrush Square, Brixton.

Title: Peacekeeper Park

Peacekeeper Park is an urban park in Calgary, Alberta. The park is located in the neighbourhood of North Glenmore, on the former grounds of Canadian Forces Base Calgary. The park includes a memorial wall with the names of Canadian Forces members who have given their lives on peacekeeping and peace support missions with the United Nations, NATO and other organizations since the end of the Second World War, including the current mission in Afghanistan.

Title: Portsmouth Naval Memorial

The Portsmouth Naval Memorial, sometimes known as Southsea Naval Memorial, is a war memorial in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England, on Southsea Common beside Clarence Esplanade, between Clarence Pier and Southsea Castle. The memorial commemorates approximately 25,000 British and Commonwealth sailors who were lost in the World Wars, around 10,000 sailors in the First World War and 15,000 in the Second World War. The memorial features a central obelisk, with names of the dead on bronze plaques arranged around the memorial according to the year of death.

Title: CFB London

Canadian Forces Base London (also CFB London) is a former Canadian Forces Base that was located in London, Ontario, Canada. It was downsized and closed during defence budget cutbacks in the 1990s. Local Primary Reserve units were supported by Area Support Unit (ASU) London which was located in some of the remaining base buildings, but they are now supported by ASU Toronto. Much of this support is delivered by a Technical Services Platoon which remains stationed in London.

Title: Armed Forces Memorial

The Armed Forces Memorial is a national memorial in the United Kingdom, dedicated to the 16,000 servicemen and women of the British Armed Forces killed on duty or through terrorist action since after the Second World War. It is within the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire.

Title: Parliamentary War Memorial

The Parliamentary War Memorial, also known as the Recording Angel Memorial, is a stone sculpture in Westminster Hall, unveiled in 1922, which commemorates the members of both Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom who died in the First World War. It names 22 members of the House of Commons, 20 members of the House of Lords, and 9 senior members of staff, together with another 94 sons of members and officers of the House of Commons, who lost their lives in the war. (Sons of peers and of officers of the House of Lords are commemorated on the wooden panels of the House of Lords War Memorial in the Royal Gallery.) Above the memorial is a large stained glass window which commemorates members and staff of both Houses who died in the Second World War.

Title: WNP-1 and WNP-4

Washington Nuclear Project Nos. 1 and 4, abbreviated as WNP-1 and WNP-4 were two of the five nuclear power plants on which construction was started by the Washington Public Power Supply System (WPPSS) in order to meet projected electricity demand in the Pacific Northwest. WNP-1, WNP-2 and WNP-3 were part of the original 1968 plan, with WNP-4 (a twin to WNP-1 and located at the same site) and WNP-5 (a twin to WNP-3, in similar fashion) added in the early 1970s.

Title: Railway Express Agency Building

The Railway Express Agency Building was a historic building located at 1804 Western Avenue in Mattoon, Illinois. The building was constructed in 1918 to serve as the Mattoon office of the Railway Express Agency. The Railway Express Agency provided rail express shipping services to Mattoon's citizens, allowing them to ship money and packages along Mattoon's two major railways, the Illinois Central Railroad and Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis (Big Four). The agency formed in 1917, when the federal government ordered that all existing express services consolidate into a single service; this measure ensured consistent shipping of goods during World War I. The agency shipped goods to and from Mattoon until 1964, when the Big Four went bankrupt; the building served as a freight depot until 1971.

Title: WNP-3 and WNP-5

Washington Nuclear Project Nos. 3 and 5, abbreviated as WNP-3 and WNP-5 (collectively known as the Satsop Nuclear Power Plant) were two of the five nuclear power plants on which construction was started by the Washington Public Power Supply System (WPPSS) in order to meet projected electricity demand in the Pacific Northwest. WNP-1, WNP-2 and WNP-3 were part of the original 1968 plan, with WNP-4 (a twin to WNP-1 and located at the same site) and WNP-5 (a twin to WNP-3, in similar fashion) added in the early 1970s.

Title: Energy Northwest

Energy Northwest (formerly Washington Public Power Supply System) is a United States public power joint operating agency formed by State law in 1957 to produce at-cost power for Northwest utilities. Headquartered in Richland, Washington, the WPPSS became commonly known as "Whoops" due to over-commitment to nuclear power in the 1970s which brought about financial collapse and the second largest municipal bond default in U.S. history. WPPSS was renamed Energy Northwest in November 1998. Agency membership includes 28 public power utilities, including 23 of the state’s 24 public utility districts.

Title: Road Safety Authority

The Road Safety Authority (Irish: "Údarás Um Shábháilteacht Ar Bhóithre" ) or RSA, is a state agency formed by the Irish Government to promote road safety. The agency has devolved control of much of the work of the Department of Transport.

Title: Anti-Corruption Commission Seychelles

The Anti-Corruption Commission Seychelles (abbreviated ACCS) is an independent Seychellois government agency formed under the Anti-Corruption Act 2016. Formed in March 2016 after the National Assembly enacted the "Anti-Corruption Law No. 6 of 2016", the agency is charged with receiving complaints, investigating, detecting and preventing corruption-related practices in Seychelles.

Title: Extraordinary State Commission

The Extraordinary State Commission was a Soviet government agency formed by the Council of People's Commissars on 2 November 1942, by a decree of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet. It was tasked with investigating World War II crimes against the Soviet Union and collecting documentation which would confirm material losses caused by Nazi Germany. Its full ceremonial name was: ""Extraordinary State Commission for Ascertaining and Investigating Crimes Perpetrated by the German-Fascist Invaders and their Accomplices"" (Russian: Чрезвычайная Государственная Комиссия , ChGK). The official aim of this agency included "punishing for the crimes of the German–fascist aggressors." According to its own data, 32,000 organization staff took part in the work of ChGK and around 7,000,000 Soviet citizens had participated in the collection of materials and evidence.

Title: Director General of the European Space Agency

The Director General of the European Space Agency is the highest-ranked official of the European Space Agency (ESA), a space agency formed by the collaboration of prominent European nations.

Title: WorkCover Authority of New South Wales

The WorkCover Authority of New South Wales or WorkCover NSW is a New South Wales Government agency established in 1989. The agency creates regulations to promote productive, healthy and safe workplaces for workers and employers in New South Wales. The agency formed part of the Safety, Return to Work and Support Division established pursuant to the "Safety, Return to Work and Support Board Act, 2012" (NSW) .

Title: Virginia State Board of Censors

The Virginia State Board of Censors was a government agency formed on August 1, 1922 for the purpose of reviewing and licensing films for approval to be screened in the state of Virginia. During the agency's existence its members examined over 52,000 films, over 2,000 of which required edits before approval was given; and another 157 films were rejected entirely, of which only 38 won subsequent approval. The board disbanded in 1968 following a series of U.S. Supreme Court rulings which overturned censorship statutes across the country.

Title: Central–Wan Chai Bypass

The Central–Wan Chai Bypass is a four-kilometre trunk road, currently under construction, running between Sheung Wan and Fortress Hill on Hong Kong Island. The original design consists of a 2.3 km dual three-lane tunnel running under new reclamation areas which will be provided by Central and Wan Chai Reclamation project, and also connections to Connaught Road West flyover and Island Eastern Corridor. When completed, it will substitute Connaught Road Central, Harcourt Road, Gloucester Road and Victoria Park Road to be part of Route 4.

Title: Wan Chai District Council

Wan Chai District Council () is the district council for the Wan Chai District in Hong Kong. It is one of 18 district councils. Wan Chai District currently consists of 13 members, of which the district is divided into 13 constituencies, electing a total of 13 members. The latest election was held on 22 November 2015.

Title: Wan Chai

Wan Chai ( ) is a metropolitan area situated at the western part of the Wan Chai District on the northern shore of Hong Kong Island, in Hong Kong. Its other boundaries are Canal Road to the east, Arsenal Street to the west and Bowen Road to the south. The area north of Gloucester Road is often referred to as Wan Chai North. Wan Chai is one of the busiest commercial areas in Hong Kong with offices of many small and medium-sized companies. Wan Chai North features office towers, parks, hotels and an international conference and exhibition centre. As one of the first areas developed in Hong Kong, the locale is densely populated yet with noticeable residential zones facing urban decay. Arousing considerable public concern, the government has undertaken several urban renewal projects in recent years. There are many unique landmarks and skyscrapers within the area, most notably the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre (HKCEC), Central Plaza and Hopewell Centre.

Title: Wan Chai Cargo Handling Basin

The Wan Chai Cargo Handling Basin () is situated in Wan Chai, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong. A prime site along Victoria Harbour, it is adjacent to the Wan Chai Sports Ground and located between the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and the Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club. The site has been earmarked under the Central and Wan Chai Reclamation project for the construction of a highway linking Central with Causeway Bay, aimed at easing traffic congestion along the northern coast of Hong Kong Island.

Title: Central Harbourfront

The Central Harbourfront is a waterfront site in Central, Hong Kong. It is the result of Central and Wan Chai Reclamation, and it sits to the east of ifc skyscraper.

Title: International Finance Center Seoul

International Finance Centre Seoul(서울국제금융센터), commonly known IFC Seoul(아이 에프 시 서울), is a mixed-use integrated commercial development in Seoul, South Korea. It is located in Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, South Korea. The IFC project is one of the first large-scale developments in Korea, led by an international consortium. It was officially launched in 2005, and is part of Seoul Metropolitan Government's plan to rejuvenate the Yeouido area as a regional financial hub.

Title: Central Plaza (Hong Kong)

Central Plaza is a 78-storey, 374 m skyscraper completed in August 1992 at 18 Harbour Road, in Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island in Hong Kong. It is the third tallest tower in the city after 2 International Finance Centre in Central and the ICC in West Kowloon. It was the tallest building in Asia from 1992 to 1996, until the Shun Hing Square in neighbouring Shenzhen was built. Central Plaza surpassed the Bank of China Tower as the tallest building in Hong Kong until the completion of 2 IFC.

Title: International Finance Centre (Hong Kong)

The International Finance Centre (abbr. IFC, branded as "ifc") is a skyscraper and an integrated commercial development on the waterfront of Hong Kong's Central District.

Title: Lung Wo Road

Lung Wo Road (Chinese:龍和道) is a road between Central and Wan Chai, Hong Kong. It is constructed in three phases as part of the Central and Wan Chai Reclamation. The first two phases are completed by 2010 and 2011 respectively and the third is expected to be completed in 2017.

Title: Wan Chai Sports Ground

Wan Chai Sports Ground () is a stadium in Wan Chai North, Hong Kong Island, Hong Kong, with a seating capacity of 2,401. It is a government-run sports ground primarily used by local schools for sports days and other athletic activities. Situated by the Victoria Harbour, it is at a convenient location next to Hong Kong's Central business district, Wan Chai, and the shopping district of Causeway Bay.

Title: White Crosses

White Crosses (in German: "Weiße Kreuze") is a memorial for those who died during the Cold War at the Berlin Wall. It is located at the shore of the river Spree in Berlin next to the Reichstag building, which houses the German parliament. Established by the private group "Berliner Bürger-Verein" on the 10th anniversary of the Berlin Wall in 1971 it was first located east of the Reichstag on a fence directly in front of the wall. After the German reunification in 1990 it kept its location until construction of the new government buildings next to the Reichstag was started at the end of that century – Berlin was chosen to be the new capital of Germany.

Title: Reichstag building

The Reichstag (German: "Reichstagsgebäude" ] ; officially: "Deutscher Bundestag - Plenarbereich Reichstagsgebäude" ] ) is a historic edifice in Berlin, Germany, constructed to house the Imperial Diet (German: "Reichstag"), of the German Empire. It was opened in 1894 and housed the Diet until 1933, when it was severely damaged after being set on fire. After World War II, the building fell into disuse; the parliament of the German Democratic Republic (the "Volkskammer") met in the "Palast der Republik" in East Berlin, while the parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany (the "Bundestag") met in the "Bundeshaus" in Bonn.

Title: Paul Wallot

Paul Wallot (26 June 1841 Oppenheim am Rhein – 10 August 1912 Bad Schwalbach) was a German architect of Huguenot descent, best known for designing the Reichstag building in Berlin, erected between 1884 and 1894. He also built the adjacent Palace of the President of the Reichstag, finished in 1904, and the former Saxon "Ständehaus" state diet building of 1906 at Brühl's Terrace in Dresden.

Title: Politics of Berlin

Berlin is a city-state and the capital of the Federal Republic of Germany. The President of Germany, whose functions are primarily ceremonial under the German constitution, has his official residence in Schloss Bellevue. Berlin is the seat of the German executive, housed in the Chancellery (the "Bundeskanzleramt"). Facing the Chancellery is the Bundestag, the German Parliament, housed in the renovated Reichstag building since the government's move to Berlin in 1998. The Bundesrat ("federal council", functioning as an upper house) represents the Federal States ("Bundesländer") of Germany and has its seat at the former Prussian House of Lords.

Title: Marinus van der Lubbe

Marinus (Rinus) van der Lubbe (13 January 1909 – 10 January 1934) was a Dutch council communist tried, convicted and executed for setting fire to the German Reichstag building on 27 February 1933, an event known as the Reichstag fire.

Title: Kroll Opera House

The Kroll Opera House (German: "Krolloper, Kroll-Oper" ) was an opera building in Berlin, Germany, located in the central Tiergarten district on the western edge of the "Königsplatz" square (today "Platz der Republik"), facing the Reichstag building. It was built in 1844 as an entertainment venue for the restaurant owner Joseph Kroll. During its eventful history it was redeveloped as an opera house in 1851 and was used by various owners and directors for opera, operetta and drama. It was later operated by the Prussian state opera and drama companies and served as the assembly hall of the German Reichstag parliament from 1933 until 1942. On 19 July 1940, the opera house was used to host the 1940 Field Marshal Ceremony. Severely damaged by bombing and the Battle of Berlin in World War II, it was finally demolished in 1951.

Title: Memorial to the Murdered Members of the Reichstag

The Memorial to the Murdered Members of the Reichstag is a memorial in Berlin, Germany. The memorial is located in front of the Reichstag building, and commemorates the 96 members of the parliament who died unnaturally between 1933 and 1945 (1948). The idea of creating the monument started in the 1980s, and the memorial was erected in September 1992. It was designed by Dieter Appelt, Klaus W. Eisenlohr, Justus Müller and Christian Zwirner. The memorial is made of 96 cast iron plates, with the names, birth and death dates and places engraved on the edges. It has been designed so that it can be extended if new names are discovered in the future.

Title: Reichstag fire

The Reichstag fire (German: "Reichstagsbrand" , ) was an arson attack on the Reichstag building (home of the German parliament) in Berlin on 27 February 1933, just one month after Adolf Hitler had been sworn in as Chancellor of Germany. The Nazis stated that Marinus van der Lubbe, a Dutch council communist, was found near the building. The Nazis publicly blamed the fire on communist agitators in general, although in a German court in 1933, it was decided that Van Der Lubbe had acted alone, as he claimed to have done. After the fire, the Reichstag Fire Decree was passed. The fire was used as evidence by the Nazi Party that communists were plotting against the German government. The event is seen as pivotal in the establishment of Nazi Germany.

Title: Bundestag (Berlin U-Bahn)

Bundestag is a Berlin U-Bahn station located on the U55 . The name of this station was changed in April 2006 from Reichstag to Bundestag after deputations from the Bundestag which sits in the Reichstag building.

Title: Mikhail Minin

Mikhail Petrovich Minin (Russian: Михаил Петрович Минин ) (July 29, 1922 – January 10, 2008) was a Russian Soviet soldier who was the first to enter the Reichstag building on April 30, 1945 during the Battle of Berlin, and the first soldier to mount the flag on the Reichstag building at 10:40 pm.

Title: Gorgeous George (album)

Gorgeous George is the third solo studio album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins. The album was recorded at New River in London, with Collins acting as the producer.

Title: I'm Not Following You

I'm Not Following You is an album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins released in 1997.

Title: Doctor Syntax (album)

Doctor Syntax is an album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.

Title: Hellbent on Compromise

Hellbent on Compromise is an album by a Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.

Title: Paul Quinn (singer)

Paul Walter Quinn (born 1959) is a Scottish musician who was the lead singer of cult 1980s band Bourgie Bourgie, and also released records with Jazzateers, Vince Clarke and Edwyn Collins and sang on an early track by the French Impressionists.

Title: A Casual Introduction 1981/2001

A Casual Introduction 1981/2001 is an album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins. It is a collection of both his solo work and also work of Orange Juice, the band he fronted from 1979 to the mid-80s.

Title: Hope and Despair

Hope and Despair is the debut solo album by Scottish musician Edwyn Collins.

Title: Edwyn Collins

Edwyn Stephen Collins (born 23 August 1959) is a Scottish musician, producer and record label owner from Edinburgh, Scotland. Collins was the lead singer for the 1980s post-punk band Orange Juice, which he co-founded. Following the group's split in 1985, Collins started a solo career. His 1994 single "A Girl Like You" was a worldwide hit.

Title: Orange Juice (band)

Orange Juice was a Scottish post-punk band founded in the Glasgow suburb of Bearsden as the Nu-Sonics in 1976. Edwyn Collins formed the Nu-Sonics (named after a cheap brand of guitar) with his school-mate Alan Duncan and was subsequently joined by James Kirk and Steven Daly, who left a band called The Machetes. The band became Orange Juice in 1979. They are best known for the hit "Rip It Up", which reached number 8 on the UK Singles Chart in February 1983, the band's only UK Top 40 hit.

Title: Jimmie Ross

Jimmie Ross is an American rock guitarist and vocalist who is best known for being a member of Pittsburgh band the Jaggerz, known for their 1970 hit "The Rapper". During the band's initial existence of 1965-1976, the bassist shared the duties of lead vocalist with guitarist Donnie Iris. By the time the Jaggerz regrouped in 1989, Iris was well into his solo career, and Ross became the sole lead vocalist and remained bassist. He continues to hold both positions today.

Title: Erie Bluffs State Park

Erie Bluffs State Park is a 587 acre Pennsylvania state park in Girard and Springfield Townships, Erie County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is the largest undeveloped stretch of land overlooking Lake Erie in Pennsylvania. Erie Bluffs State Park is just north of Pennsylvania Route 5 near Lake City and 12 mi west of Erie. It is one of Pennsylvania's newest state parks.

Title: Poe Valley State Park

Poe Valley State Park is a 620 acre Pennsylvania state park in Penn Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is surrounded by Bald Eagle State Forest. Poe Paddy State Park is 4 mi to the east. The forests of the park surround the 25 acre Poe Lake. Poe Valley State Park is in isolated Poe Valley which lies between Potters Mills on U.S. Route 322 and Millheim on Pennsylvania Route 45. The park was closed during the 2008 and 2009 season while the lake was drained for dam repairs and the park facilities were upgraded.

Title: Presque Isle State Park

Presque Isle State Park is a 3112 acre Pennsylvania state park on an arching, sandy peninsula that juts into Lake Erie, 4 mi west of the city of Erie, in Millcreek Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. The peninsula sweeps northeastward, surrounding Presque Isle Bay along the park's southern coast. It has 13 mi of roads, 21 mi of recreational trails, 13 beaches for swimming, and a marina. Popular activities at the park include swimming, boating, hiking, biking, and birdwatching.

Title: Sinnemahoning State Park

Sinnemahoning State Park is a 1910 acre Pennsylvania state park in Grove Township, Cameron County and Wharton Township, Potter County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park is surrounded by Elk State Forest and is mountainous with deep valleys. The park is home to the rarely seen elk and bald eagle. Sinnemahoning State Park is on Pennsylvania Route 872, eight miles (13 km) north of the village of Sinnamahoning. In 1958, the park opened under the direction of the Pennsylvania Bureau of Forestry: it became a Pennsylvania State Park in 1962.

Title: History of Presque Isle

The History of Presque Isle Pennsylvania began when Presque Isle was created by the wave action of Lake Erie over the course of the 11,000 years that have passed since the last ice age.

Title: Maurice K. Goddard State Park

Maurice K. Goddard State Park is a 2856 acre Pennsylvania state park in Deer Creek, Mill Creek, New Vernon and Sandy Lake Townships, Mercer County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It features wildlife, waterways and public recreational facilities. Lake Wilhelm shares its shorelines with Maurice K. Goddard State Park and State Game Land No. 270. The dam, constructed in 1971, creates a 1860 acre lake providing a resource for people and wildlife. Many species of fish and amphibians make Lake Wilhelm their home. A variety of outdoor activities are available in and around the Park vicinity. The addition of the Goddard Classroom, at the Marina facility, provides the opportunity to present programs about nature, wildlife and ecology. Special events and programs are held throughout the summer months. Maurice K. Goddard State Park is just off exit 130 of Interstate 79 on Pennsylvania Route 358.

Title: Gouldsboro State Park

Gouldsboro State Park is a 2880 acre Pennsylvania state park in Coolbaugh Township, Monroe County and Lehigh Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The park includes the 250 acre Gouldsboro Lake. Gouldsboro State Park is located very close to Tobyhanna State Park and Pennsylvania State Game Lands 127 and 312. It is on Pennsylvania Route 507 near the small village of Gouldsboro.

Title: French Creek State Park

French Creek State Park is a 7526 acre Pennsylvania state park in North Coventry and Warwick Townships in Chester County and Robeson and Union Townships in Berks County, Pennsylvania in the United States. It straddles northern Chester County and southern Berks County along French Creek. It is located in the Hopewell Big Woods. The park is the home of two lakes: Hopewell Lake, a 68 acre warm water lake, and Scotts Run Lake, a 22 acre cold water lake. The state record smallmouth bass was caught in Scotts Run Lake. There are extensive forests, and almost 40 mi of hiking and equestrian trails. The park is also friendly to mountain bikers, having some renowned technical trails. Hopewell Furnace National Historic Site, which features a cold blast furnace restored to its 1830s appearance, is surrounded by the park. The Six Penny Day Use Area and Group Camp are listed on the National Register of Historic Places. French Creek State Park is located off of Pennsylvania Route 345 to the south of Birdsboro.

Title: Allegheny Islands State Park

Allegheny Islands State Park is a 43 acre Pennsylvania state park in Harmar Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania in the United States. The undeveloped park is composed of three alluvial islands located in the middle of the Allegheny River northeast of Pittsburgh. The islands are just north of the boroughs of Oakmont and Plum, and southwest of Cheswick. Bridges for the Pennsylvania Turnpike (Interstate 76) and the Bessemer and Lake Erie Railroad Branch of the Canadian National Railway cross the Allegheny River at the middle island.

Title: Lake Erie Metropark

Lake Erie Metropark is a park in the Huron-Clinton system of metro parks. The park is a 1607 acre recreational facility located at the mouth of the Huron River on Lake Erie and consists of meadows, a marsh and lagoons. It has a three-mile (5 km) shoreline along the lake and is a popular bird-watching site. The Park has a wave action swimming pool, an 18-hole regulation golf course, the Marshlands Museum and Nature Center, boat launches and a marina. The children's play area, previously featuring a child-size town, is now under construction as a newer, more modern, playscape area is being built.

Title: Chelonian Conservation and Biology

"Chelonian Conservation and Biology: International Journal of Turtle and Tortoise Research" is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on freshwater turtles, marine turtles, and tortoises (Order Testudines). It was established in 1993 by the Chelonian Research Foundation as the new scientific journal of the IUCN Species Survival Commission's Tortoise and Freshwater Turtle Specialist Group and the "International Bulletin of Chelonian Research". The journal was first published with support from Conservation International, the Chelonian Institute, the Wildlife Conservation Society, the Florida Audubon Society, and the Species Survival Commission of the World Conservation Union.

Title: Ecotropica

Ecotropica is the peer-reviewed international scientific journal of the European Society for Tropical Ecology, GTOE. The journal first appeared in 1995 and received an impact factor in 2011.

Title: ACS Nano

ACS Nano is a monthly, peer-reviewed, scientific journal, first published in August 2007 by the American Chemical Society. The current editor in chief is Paul S. Weiss (University of California, Los Angeles). The journal publishes original research articles, reviews, perspectives, interviews with distinguished researchers, views on the future of nanoscience and nanotechnology.

Title: Mathematics of Operations Research

Mathematics of Operations Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal first published in February 1976. It focuses on areas of mathematics relevant to the field of operations research such as continuous optimization, discrete optimization, game theory, machine learning, simulation methodology, and stochastic models. The journal is published quarterly by INFORMS (Institute for Operations Research and the Management Sciences), which also publishes other journals including "Operations Research" and "Management Science". "Mathematics of Operations Research" is indexed by the "Journal Citation Reports". In 2014, it moved to "Issues in Advance", which publishes the articles online as they become available. The H-index of the journal is 50.

Title: Aliso

Aliso: A Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Botany is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes original research on plant taxonomy and evolutionary botany with a worldwide scope, but with a particular focus on the floristics of the Western United States. "Aliso", first published in 1948, is the scientific journal of the Rancho Santa Ana Botanic Garden. The journal is named for the western sycamore, "Platanus racemosa", which was commonly called by its Spanish name "aliso".

Title: Ceylon Journal of Science

The Ceylon Journal of Science (Biological Sciences) is a scientific journal that was established in 1958 and is published by the University of Peradeniya. The journal covers all aspects of biology. It was a successor to the "Ceylon Journal of Science", sections A, B, and C (covering botany, zoology, and fisheries, respectively). The "Ceylon Journal of Science" was established in 1924 amalgamating the journals "Annals of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Peradeniya" (first published in 1901), the "Spolia Zeylanica" (first published in 1903), and the "Bulletin of the Ceylon Fisheries" (first published in 1923).

Title: Nature (journal)

Nature is an English multidisciplinary scientific journal, first published on 4 November 1869. It was ranked the world's most cited scientific journal by the Science Edition of the 2010 "Journal Citation Reports" and is ascribed an impact factor of approximately 38.1, making it one of the world's top academic journals. It is one of the few remaining academic journals that publishes original research across a wide range of scientific fields. "Nature" claims an online readership of about 3 million unique readers per month. The journal has a weekly circulation of around 53,000 but studies have concluded that on average a single copy is shared by as many as eight people.

Title: Laser &amp; Photonics Reviews

Laser & Photonics Reviews is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering research on all aspects of optical science. It is published by Wiley-VCH and contains reviews and original papers/letters. The journal was established in 2007 by the founding editor-in-chief Theodor W. Hänsch (Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich). Since 2008, the editor-in-chief is Guido W. Fuchs (Wiley-VCH). Originally, the journal only published review articles. Since 2012, it also contains original papers and letters. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal had a 2011 impact factor of 7.388, ranking it 2nd out of 79 journals in the category "Optics", 8th out of 125 journals in the category "Physics Applied", and 11th out of 69 journals in the category "Physics Condensed Matter".

Title: Teri W. Odom

Teri W. Odom is an American chemist and materials scientist. She is the Associate Chair of the Chemistry Department, Charles E. and Emma H. Morrison Professor of Chemistry, and a Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at Northwestern University. Odom is a member of the editorial advisory board of ACS Nano, Chemical Physics Letters, Journal of Physical Chemistry, and Nano Letters. She is also currently the Executive Editor of ACS Photonics.

Title: Scientific journal

In academic publishing, a scientific journal is a periodical publication intended to further the progress of science, usually by reporting new research. Articles in scientific journals are mostly written by active scientists such as students, researchers and professors instead of professional journalists. There are thousands of scientific journals in publication, and many more have been published at various points in the past (see list of scientific journals). Most journals are highly specialized, although some of the oldest journals such as "Nature" publish articles and scientific papers across a wide range of scientific fields. Scientific journals contain articles that have been peer reviewed, in an attempt to ensure that articles meet the journal's standards of quality, and scientific validity. Although scientific journals are superficially similar to professional magazines, they are actually quite different. Issues of a scientific journal are rarely read casually, as one would read a magazine. The publication of the results of research is an essential part of the scientific method. If they are describing experiments or calculations, they must supply enough details that an independent researcher could repeat the experiment or calculation to verify the results. Each such journal article becomes part of the permanent scientific record.

Title: Richard Kuklinski

Richard Leonard Kuklinski (April 11, 1935 – March 5, 2006) was an American contract killer and serial killer who was convicted of murdering five people, though he likely killed at least several dozen more. He was associated with members of the American Mafia, namely the DeCavalcante crime family of Newark, New Jersey, and the Five Families of New York City.

Title: DeCavalcante crime family

The DeCavalcante crime family is an Italian-American organized crime family that operates in Elizabeth, New Jersey and surrounding areas in the state and is part of the nationwide criminal phenomenon known as the American Mafia (or Cosa Nostra). It operates on the other side of the Hudson River from the Five Families of New York, but it maintains strong relations with many of them, as well as with the Philadelphia crime family and the Patriarca crime family of New England. Its illicit activities include bookmaking, building, cement, and construction violations, bootlegging, corruption, drug trafficking, extortion, fencing, fraud, hijacking, illegal gambling, loan-sharking, money laundering, murder, pier thefts, pornography, prostitution, racketeering, and waste management violations. The DeCavalcantes are, in part, the inspiration for the fictional DiMeo crime family of HBO's dramatic series "The Sopranos". The DeCavalcante family was the subject of the CNBC program "Mob Money", which aired on June 23, 2010 and "The Real Sopranos" TV documentary (first airdate April 26, 2006) directed by Thomas Viner for the UK production company Class Films.

Title: Sam DeCavalcante

Simone Rizzo "Sam" DeCavalcante (March 3, 1912 – February 7, 1997), known as "Sam the Plumber", was a member of the New Jersey Mafia. Claiming descent from the Italian royal family, DeCavalcante was nicknamed "The Count". The Kefauver hearings later named his crime family the DeCavalcante crime family since he was the boss of the family current to those hearings.

Title: Joseph Miranda

Joseph "Joe" Miranda (born 1925) is an American mobster and member of the New Jersey-based DeCavalcante crime family. A longtime "soldier" to Simone "Sam the Plumber" DeCavalcante and later boss Giovanni Riggi, he became acting underboss for Girolamo "Jimmy" Palermo following the imprisonment of many high-ranking members in 2003.

Title: John D'Amato

John "Johnny Boy" D'Amato (died January 1992) was a New Jersey mobster and former acting boss of the DeCavalcante crime family. After being recruited by Gambino crime family boss John Gotti to take over the family, he was suspected of engaging in homosexual activity and was murdered in January 1992.

Title: Philip Abramo

Philip Abramo (born 1945), also known as "The King Of Wall Street", "Lou Metzer" is a caporegime in the New Jersey DeCavalcante crime family who was allegedly involved in security fraud and murder. Abramo was a capo of the DeCavalcante family's crew in Miami, Florida.

Title: Park Dietz

Park Dietz (born 1948) is a forensic psychiatrist who has consulted or testified in many of the highest profile US criminal cases including Joel Rifkin, Arthur Shawcross, Jeffrey Dahmer, The Unabomber, Richard Kuklinski, the Beltway sniper attacks, and Jared Lee Loughner.

Title: Michael Welner

Michael Mark Welner, M.D., (born September 24, 1964, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American forensic psychiatrist and Chairman of The Forensic Panel. Welner is best known for his work in sensitive and complex litigation. He has acted as lead forensic psychiatric examiner in numerous criminal or court proceedings of national and international prominence, including precedent-setting trials and higher court decisions. Welner is also known for a number of innovations in forensic science, forensic psychiatry and justice, including protocols for prospective peer review in forensic medicine consultation, research to standardize an evidence-based distinction of the worst crimes, The Depravity Standard, and recommendations for upgrading forensic science assessment. He has been featured in network television news coverage of forensic psychiatry issues, has authored publications for professional and public audiences, and has contributed to emerging legislation on mental health reform.

Title: Frank Majuri

Francesco "Fat Frank" Majuri (April 18, 1909 – 1983) was a New Jersey mobster and the former consigliere of the DeCavalcante crime family. His son is Charles "Big Ears" Majuri, a longtime recognized Captain in the Newark faction of the same crime family.

Title: Jackie Aprile Sr.

Giacomo Michael "Jackie" Aprile Sr., played by Michael Rispoli, is a fictional character on the HBO original series "The Sopranos". He was the first acting boss of the DiMeo Crime Family, after longtime reputed boss Ercole 'Eckley' DiMeo was sent to prison in 1995. He is based on DeCavalcante crime family acting mob boss Giacomo "Jake" Amari.

Title: Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 (Ray Stevens album)

Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 is a collection of ten previously released singles by Ray Stevens, released in 1987. Of the selections of songs, three were recorded for the record label of Monument Records ("Gitarzan," "Along Came Jones," and "Ahab the Arab,"), four for Barnaby Records ("Everything Is Beautiful," "Turn Your Radio On," "The Streak," "Misty"), one for RCA Records ("Shriner's Convention"), and two for MCA Records. The version of "Gitarzan" is the album version that begins with cheering and applauding of an audience. The version of "Ahab the Arab" on this compilation is not the original recording but a re-recording that Stevens made for his album "Gitarzan" during his career with Monument.

Title: Shot Full of Love

Shot Full of Love is the fifth studio album by country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus. It features the single "Busy Man", which peaked at number 3 in early 1999, becoming Cyrus's first Top Ten country hit since "Somebody New" in 1993. The album's title song is a cover of a song originally recorded by Juice Newton in 1981, in 1983 by the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band, and a number 73-peaking single in 1990 for Jennifer McCarter and The McCarters. This was also his last studio album for the Mercury Records label. After that album's release, Billy Ray Cyrus left Mercury Records for Monument Records in 1999.

Title: Greatest Hits (1983 Ray Stevens album)

Greatest Hits is a collection of ten previously released singles by Ray Stevens, released in 1983 by RCA Records. This collection contains three singles that were released by Monument Records, four by Barnaby Records, and two by RCA. One of the selections is not an original recording; "Ahab the Arab" is a re-recording of Stevens' 1962 hit for Mercury Records that was included on his album "Gitarzan", which was released by Monument in 1969. Additionally, there are two selections featured on this collection that are album versions; "Gitarzan" is the album version that begins with cheering and applauding with an audience; "Freddie Feelgood" is the version that contains audience noises and was first featured on the album "Gitarzan".

Title: Pretty Paper (song)

"Pretty Paper" is a song written by country music singer-songwriter Willie Nelson in 1963. After being signed to Monument Records, Nelson played the song for producer Fred Foster. Foster pitched the song to Roy Orbison, who turned it into a hit. Nelson recorded his own version of the song in November 1964.

Title: The Very Best of Ray Stevens

The Very Best of Ray Stevens is a collection of 12 previously released singles that were hits for novelty/country artist, Ray Stevens; it was released in December 1975 by Barnaby Records. While this collection has more emphasis on Stevens' hits for Barnaby, it also contains three from the label of Monument Records ("Unwind," "Mr. Businessman," and "Gitarzan") and two from Mercury Records (Stevens' first label). The version of "Mr. Businessman" is the single release. " Gitarzan" is the album version that begins with an audience cheering and applauding. " Ahab the Arab" is the original recording that was released by Mercury (Stevens had re-recorded the song for his album "Gitarzan" in 1969).

Title: Hoover (singer)

Willis David Hoover was born in Jackson County, Missouri and raised in Lamoni, Iowa and Shenandoah, Iowa. After starting out as a coffee house folk singer as a teenager, Hoover moved to Nashville in the 1960s and became a songwriter. His songs were recorded by Tina Turner, Eddy Arnold and country music outlaws Tompall Glaser and Waylon Jennings. He won an ASCAP Award for music written for the motion picture, "...tick...tick...tick..." After losing or forgetting his first and middle names, Hoover became a recording artist for Monument Records, Epic Records, and Elektra Records in the late 1960s and early 1970s. His recordings for Elektra were released in 2003 by Kinky Friedman's Sphincter Records label.

Title: Roy Orbison

Roy Kelton Orbison (April 23, 1936 – December 6, 1988) was an American singer-songwriter known for his distinctive, impassioned voice, complex song structures, and dark emotional ballads. The combination led many critics to describe his music as operatic, nicknaming him "the Caruso of Rock" and "the Big O." Between 1960 and 1964, 22 of his songs placed on the "Billboard" Top 40, including "Only the Lonely" (1960), "Crying" (1961), "In Dreams" (1963), and "Oh, Pretty Woman" (1964).

Title: Early Orbison

Early Orbison is an album recorded by Roy Orbison on the Monument Records label at their studios in Hendersonville, Tennessee and released in 1964. Essentially a compilation of songs from his first two Monument albums, it is most noteworthy for containing "Pretty One", the "B" side of Orbison's second Monument single, "Uptown". Many Orbison fans believe "Pretty One" would have been his first major hit had it been promoted as an "A" side. The second song of interest on this album is "Come Back to Me My Love" which Fred Foster, owner of Monument Records and producer of all of Orbison's earliest hits, says was the song which inspired production of the hit arrangement that later became "Only the Lonely".

Title: Ray Stevens' Greatest Hits

Ray Stevens' Greatest Hits is a collection of songs that Ray Stevens previously recorded for Barnaby and Monument Records from 1968 to 1971. This marks the first album appearance of Stevens' novelty hit single "Bridget the Midget (The Queen of the Blues)." This collection contains two more singles from Barnaby while the rest are recordings for Monument (five singles and three album tracks). " Gitarzan" is the album version that begins with noises of an audience. "Harry the Hairy Ape" and "Ahab the Arab" are not the original recordings but re-recordings that were made for Monument. "Mr. Businessman" is the album version.

Title: Monument Records

Monument Records was an American record label in Washington, D.C. named for the Washington Monument, founded in 1958 by Fred Foster and Buddy Deane (a prominent Baltimore disc jockey at WTTG). Buddy Deane soon left the company, and in the early 60's bought KOTN in Pine Bluff, Arkansas where he retired until his death. Foster relocated to the Nashville suburb of Hendersonville, Tennessee. Monument's releases include a variety of genres, including rock and roll, country, jazz, and rhythm and blues.

Title: Br'er Rabbit

Br'er Rabbit (Brother Rabbit), also spelled Bre'r Rabbit or Brer Rabbit or Bruh Rabbit, is a central figure as Uncle Remus tells stories of the Southern United States. Br'er Rabbit is a trickster who succeeds by his wits rather than by brawn, provoking authority figures and bending social mores as he sees fit. The Walt Disney Company later adapted this character for its 1946 animated motion picture "Song of the South".

Title: Mark Elliot (voice-over artist)

Mark Elliot (born September 24, 1939) is an American voice-over artist best known as the primary voice for Walt Disney Entertainment from 1983 to 2008. He also provided voice overs for trailers of non-Disney films, logos, feature presentation bumpers and commercials. He's well known for his voice overs in theatrical and home video trailers for films produced by The Walt Disney Studios from the 1980s to the 2000s. He was also the voice of CBS and FOX throughout the 1980s and 1990s, and various theatrical trailers for such non-Disney animated movies as "All Dogs Go to Heaven", "The Seventh Brother", "Rover Dangerfield", "Rock-A-Doodle", "", "The Magic Voyage", "The Thief and the Cobbler", "Once Upon a Forest", "The Princess And The Goblin", "Andre", "Asterix Conquers America", "The Swan Princess", "The Pagemaster", "The Pebble and the Penguin", "Balto", "All Dogs Go to Heaven 2", "Tiny Heroes" ("Vacak 2 - az erdő hőse"), "Zeus and Roxanne", "The Fearless Four", "The Prince of Egypt", "The Adventures of Brer Rabbit", "", "House Arrest", and "". In addition to his behind-the-scenes work, Elliott starred with four other notable voice artists in the 1997 short film "5 Men and a Limo". One of his most well-known voice-overs for Disney is the catchphrase "And now, our feature presentation," which he says at the start of most animated Disney films on video on a "Feature Presentation" bumper.

Title: Color motion picture film

Color motion picture film refers both to unexposed color photographic film in a format suitable for use in a motion picture camera, and to finished motion picture film, ready for use in a projector, which bears images in color.

Title: Disney Comics

Disney Comics was a comic book publishing company operated by The Walt Disney Company which ran from 1990 to 1993. It was connected with W. D. Publications, Inc., which was a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company that published "Disney Comics" during that time span. W. D. Publications, Inc. created Disney Comics in 1990 so that The Walt Disney Company would not have to rely on outside publishers such as Gladstone Publishing. In the USA, Disney only licensed their comic books to other publishers prior to 1990. Since the demise of the Disney Comics line, Disney has licensed out their properties to various US comics publishers, while continuing to publish comics in the since-defunct magazines "Disney Adventures" and "Disney Adventures Comic Zone", as well as numerous book projects, and has reentered the periodical comics market through their 2009 purchase of Marvel Entertainment. Marvel and Disney Publishing began jointly publishing "Disney/Pixar Presents" magazine in May 2011 but did not revive the Disney Comics imprint as Boom! Studios would continue to publish classic Disney character comics.

Title: Walt Disney's Comics and Stories

Walt Disney's Comics and Stories, sometimes abbreviated WDC or WDC&S, is an anthology comic book series that has an assortment of Disney characters, including Donald Duck, Scrooge McDuck, Mickey Mouse, Chip 'n Dale, Lil Bad Wolf, Scamp, Bucky Bug, Grandma Duck, Brer Rabbit, Winnie the Pooh, and others.

Title: The Adventures of Brer Rabbit

The Adventures of Brer Rabbit is a book, a play, and a film inspired by the Uncle Remus stories. The central character's actual name is Br'er Rabbit (short for Brother Rabbit), but in the title "Br'er" is simplified as "Brer".

Title: Marvel Studios

Marvel Studios, LLC (originally known as Marvel Films from 1993 to 1996) is an American motion picture studio based at The Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California and is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, itself a wholly owned division of The Walt Disney Company, with film producer Kevin Feige serving as president. Previously, the studio was a subsidiary of Marvel Entertainment until The Walt Disney Company reorganized the companies in August 2015.

Title: The Walt Disney Company Italy

The Walt Disney Company Italia S.r.l. (formerly called The Walt Disney Company Italia S.p.A) is The Walt Disney Company's Italian division and one of The Walt Disney Company's European divisions. The company was founded on 8 May 1938 as Creazioni Walt Disney S.A.I. The company owns and operates Disney Channel Italy, Disney in English, and more. Comics are also published by the company as well.

Title: Oswald the Lucky Rabbit

Oswald the Lucky Rabbit (also known as Oswald the Rabbit or Oswald Rabbit) is an anthropomorphic rabbit and animated cartoon character created by Ub Iwerks and Walt Disney for funny animal films distributed by Universal Studios in the 1920s and 1930s, serving as the Disney studio's first animated character to feature in their own series. 26 animated Oswald one-reelers were produced at Walt Disney Animation Studios (the Walt Disney Studio at the time). In 1928, Charles Mintz took the rights of Oswald from Walt Disney and claimed Oswald as an official Universal Studios character. In November of 1928, as a replacement to compete with Oswald the Lucky Rabbit, Walt Disney went on to create Mickey Mouse.

Title: Ed Wood (film)

Ed Wood is a 1994 American biographical period comedy-drama film directed and produced by Tim Burton, and starring Johnny Depp as cult filmmaker Ed Wood. The film concerns the period in Wood's life when he made his best-known films as well as his relationship with actor Bela Lugosi, played by Martin Landau. Sarah Jessica Parker, Patricia Arquette, Jeffrey Jones, Lisa Marie, and Bill Murray are among the supporting cast.

Title: Scott Derrickson

Scott Derrickson (born July 16, 1966) is an American director, screenwriter and producer. He lives in Los Angeles, California. He is best known for directing horror films such as "Sinister", "The Exorcism of Emily Rose", and "Deliver Us From Evil", as well as the 2016 Marvel Cinematic Universe installment, "Doctor Strange."

Title: Woodson, Arkansas

Woodson is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pulaski County, Arkansas, in the United States. Its population was 403 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Little Rock–North Little Rock–Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area. Woodson and its accompanying Woodson Lake and Wood Hollow are the namesake for Ed Wood Sr., a prominent plantation owner, trader, and businessman at the turn of the 20th century. Woodson is adjacent to the Wood Plantation, the largest of the plantations own by Ed Wood Sr.

Title: Tyler Bates

Tyler Bates (born June 5, 1965) is an American musician, music producer, and composer for films, television, and video games. Much of his work is in the action and horror film genres, with films like "Dawn of the Dead, 300, Sucker Punch," and "John Wick." He has collaborated with directors like Zack Snyder, Rob Zombie, Neil Marshall, William Friedkin, Scott Derrickson, and James Gunn. With Gunn, he has scored every one of the director's films; including "Guardians of the Galaxy", which became one of the highest grossing domestic movies of 2014, and its 2017 sequel. In addition, he is also the lead guitarist of the American rock band Marilyn Manson, and produced its albums "The Pale Emperor" and "Heaven Upside Down".

Title: Ed Wood

Edward Davis Wood Jr. (October 10, 1924 – December 10, 1978) was an American filmmaker, actor, writer, producer, and director.

Title: Deliver Us from Evil (2014 film)

Deliver Us from Evil is a 2014 American supernatural horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer. The film is officially based on a 2001 non-fiction book entitled "Beware the Night" by Ralph Sarchie and Lisa Collier Cool, and its marketing campaign highlighted that it was "inspired by actual accounts". The film stars Eric Bana, Édgar Ramírez, Sean Harris, Olivia Munn, and Joel McHale in the main roles and was released on July 2, 2014.

Title: Adam Collis

Adam Collis is an American filmmaker and actor. He attended the Duke University from 1986 to 1990 and the University of California, Los Angeles from 2007 to 2010. He also studied cinema at the University of Southern California from 1991 to 1997. Collis first work was the assistant director for the Scott Derrickson's short "Love in the Ruins" (1995). In 1998, he played "Crankshaft" in Eric Koyanagi's "Hundred Percent".

Title: Sinister (film)

Sinister is a 2012 supernatural horror film directed by Scott Derrickson and written by Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill. It stars Ethan Hawke as fictional true-crime writer Ellison Oswalt who discovers a box of home movies in his attic that puts his family in danger.

Title: Conrad Brooks

Conrad Brooks (born Conrad Biedrzycki on January 3, 1931 in Baltimore, Maryland) is an American actor. He moved to Hollywood, California in 1948 to pursue a career in acting. He got his start in movies appearing in Ed Wood films such as "Plan 9 from Outer Space", "Glen or Glenda", and "Jail Bait." He took a break from acting during the 1960s and 1970s but due to the ongoing interest in the films of Ed Wood, he reemerged in the 1980s and has become a prolific actor. He also has since gone on to write, produce and direct several films.

Title: Doctor Strange (2016 film)

Doctor Strange is a 2016 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the fourteenth film of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Scott Derrickson, who wrote it with Jon Spaihts and C. Robert Cargill, and stars Benedict Cumberbatch as Stephen Strange, along with Chiwetel Ejiofor, Rachel McAdams, Benedict Wong, Michael Stuhlbarg, Benjamin Bratt, Scott Adkins, Mads Mikkelsen, and Tilda Swinton. In "Doctor Strange", surgeon Strange learns the mystic arts after a career-ending car accident.

Title: Meet Corliss Archer

Meet Corliss Archer, a program from radio's Golden Age, ran from January 7, 1943 to September 30, 1956. Although it was CBS's answer to NBC's popular "A Date with Judy", it was also broadcast by NBC in 1948 as a summer replacement for "The Bob Hope Show". From October 3, 1952 to June 26, 1953, it aired on ABC, finally returning to CBS. Despite the program's long run, fewer than 24 episodes are known to exist.

Title: Shirley Temple

Shirley Temple Black (April 23, 1928 – February 10, 2014) was an American actress, singer, dancer, businesswoman, and diplomat who was Hollywood's number one box-office draw as a child actress from 1935 to 1938. As an adult, she was named United States ambassador to Ghana and to Czechoslovakia and also served as Chief of Protocol of the United States.

Title: Janet Waldo

Janet Marie Waldo (February 4, 1920 – June 12, 2016) was an American radio and voice actress. She is best known in animation for voicing Judy Jetson, Nancy in "Shazzan", Penelope Pitstop, and Josie in "Josie and the Pussycats", and on radio as the title character in "Meet Corliss Archer".

Title: Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)

Meet Corliss Archer is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS (July 13, 1951 - August 10, 1951) and in syndication via the Ziv Company from April to December 1954. The program was an adaptation of the radio series of the same name, which was based on a series of short stories by F. Hugh Herbert.

Title: Lord High Treasurer

The post of Lord High Treasurer or Lord Treasurer was an English government position and has been a British government position since the Acts of Union of 1707. A holder of the post would be the third-highest-ranked Great Officer of State, below the Lord High Steward and the Lord High Chancellor.

Title: A Kiss for Corliss

A Kiss for Corliss is a 1949 American comedy film directed by Richard Wallace and written by Howard Dimsdale. It stars Shirley Temple in her final starring role as well as her final film appearance. It is a sequel to the 1945 film "Kiss and Tell". "A Kiss for Corliss" was retitled "Almost a Bride" before release and this title appears in the title sequence. The film was released on November 25, 1949, by United Artists.

Title: Kiss and Tell (1945 film)

Kiss and Tell is a 1945 American comedy film starring then 17-year-old Shirley Temple as Corliss Archer. In the film, two teenage girls cause their respective parents much concern when they start to become interested in boys. The parents' bickering about which girl is the worse influence causes more problems than it solves.

Title: Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs

The office of Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs was a British Government position, created in 2003. Certain functions of the Lord Chancellor which related to the Lord Chancellor's Department were transferred to the Secretary of State. At a later date further functions were also transferred to the Secretary of State for Constitutional Affairs from the First Secretary of State, a position within the government held by the Deputy Prime Minister.

Title: Village accountant

The Village Accountant (variously known as "Patwari", "Talati", "Patel", "Karnam", "Adhikari", "Shanbogaru","Patnaik" etc.) is an administrative government position found in rural parts of the Indian sub-continent. The office and the officeholder are called the "patwari" in Telangana, Bengal, North India and in Pakistan while in Sindh it is called "tapedar". The position is known as the "karnam" in Andhra Pradesh, "patnaik" in Orissa or "adhikari" in Tamil Nadu, while it is commonly known as the "talati" in Karnataka, Gujarat and Maharashtra. The position was known as the "kulkarni" in Northern Karnataka and Maharashtra. The position was known as the "shanbogaru" in South Karnataka.

Title: Charles Craft

Charles Craft (May 9, 1902 – September 19, 1968) was an English-born American film and television editor. Born in the county of Hampshire in England on May 9, 1902, Craft would enter the film industry in Hollywood in 1927. The first film he edited was the Universal Pictures silent film, "Painting the Town". Over the next 25 years, Craft would edit 90 feature-length films. In the early 1950s he would switch his focus to the small screen, his first show being "Racket Squad", from 1951–53, for which he was the main editor, editing 93 of the 98 episodes. He would work on several other series during the 1950s, including "Meet Corliss Archer" (1954), "Science Fiction Theatre" (1955–56), and "Highway Patrol" (1955–57). In the late 1950s and early 1960s he was one of the main editors on "Sea Hunt", starring Lloyd Bridges, editing over half of the episodes. His final film work would be editing "Flipper's New Adventure" (1964, the sequel to 1963's "Flipper". When the film was made into a television series, Craft would begin the editing duties on that show, editing the first 28 episodes before he retired in 1966. Craft died on September 19, 1968 in Los Angeles, California.

Title: Andre Norton Award

The Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy is an annual award presented by the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America (SFWA) to the author of the best young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy book published in the United States in the preceding year. It is named to honor prolific science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton (1912–2005), and it was established by then SFWA president Catherine Asaro and the SFWA Young Adult Fiction committee and announced on February 20, 2005. Any published young adult or middle grade science fiction or fantasy novel is eligible for the prize, including graphic novels. There is no limit on word count. The award is presented along with the Nebula Awards and follows the same rules for nominations and voting; as the awards are separate, works may be simultaneously nominated for both the Andre Norton award and a Nebula Award.

Title: Victoria Hanley

Victoria Hanley is an American young adult fantasy novelist. Her first three books, "The Seer And The Sword", "The Healer's Keep" and "The Light Of The Oracle" are companion books to one another. Her newest book (released March 2012) is the sequel of a series, called "Indigo Magic", published by Egmont USA. She's also published two non-fiction books through Cotton Wood Press; called "Seize the Story: A Handbook For Teens Who Like To Write", and "Wild Ink: A Grownups Guide To Writing Fiction For Teens".

Title: The Hork-Bajir Chronicles

The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is the second companion book to the "Animorphs" series, written by K. A. Applegate. With respect to continuity within the series, it takes place before book #23, "The Pretender", although the events told in the story occur between the time of "The Ellimist Chronicles" and "The Andalite Chronicles". The book is introduced by Tobias, who flies to the valley of the free Hork-Bajir, where Jara Hamee tells him the story of how the Yeerks enslaved the Hork-Bajir, and how Aldrea, an Andalite, and her companion, Dak Hamee, a Hork-Bajir, tried to save their world from the invasion. Jara Hamee's story is narrated from the points of view of Aldrea, Dak Hamee, and Esplin 9466, alternating in similar fashion to the "Megamorphs" books.

Title: Shadowshaper

Shadowshaper is a 2015 American urban fantasy young adult novel written by Daniel José Older. It follows Sierra Santiago, an Afro-Boricua teenager living in Brooklyn. She is the granddaughter of a "shadowshaper", or a person who infuses art with ancestral spirits. As forces of gentrification invade their community and a mysterious being who appropriates their magic begins to hunt the aging shadowshapers, Sierra must learn about her artistic and spiritual heritage to foil the killer.

Title: Left Behind: The Kids

"Left Behind: The Kids (stylized as LEFT BEHIND >THE KIDS<)" is a series written by Jerry B. Jenkins, Tim LaHaye, and Chris Fabry. The series consists of 40 short novels aimed primarily at the young adult market based on the adult series Left Behind also written by Jerry B. Jenkins. It follows a core group of teenagers as they experience the rapture and tribulation, based on scriptures found in the Bible, and background plots introduced in the adult novels. Like the adult series, the books were published by Tyndale House Publishing, and released over the 7 year period of 1997-2004. The series has sold over 11 million copies worldwide.

Title: List of Square Enix companion books

Dozens of Square Enix companion books have been produced since 1998, when video game developer Square began to produce books that focused on artwork, developer interviews, and background information on the fictional worlds and characters in its games rather than on gameplay details. The first series of these books was the "Perfect Works" series, written and published by Square subsidiary DigiCube. They produced three books between 1998 and 1999 before the line was stopped in favor of the "Ultimania" (アルティマニア , Arutimania ) series, a portmanteau of ultimate and mania. This series of books is written by Studio BentStuff, which had previously written game guides for Square for "Final Fantasy VII". They were published by DigiCube until the company was dissolved in 2003. Square merged with video game publisher Enix on April 1, 2003 to form Square Enix, which resumed publication of the companion books.

Title: The Divide trilogy

The Divide trilogy is a fantasy young adult novel trilogy by Elizabeth Kay, which takes place in an alternate universe. The three books are "The Divide" (2002), "Back to The Divide" (2005), and "Jinx on The Divide" (2006). The first novel was originally published by the small press publisher Chicken House (now a division of Scholastic), with subsequent volumes published by Scholastic, which also reprinted the first novel. The books have been translated into French, German, Spanish, Finnish, Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese, Italian, Romanian and Dutch. Interior illustrations are by Ted Dewan.

Title: Science Fantasy (magazine)

Science Fantasy, which also appeared under the titles Impulse and SF Impulse, was a British fantasy and science fiction magazine, launched in 1950 by Nova Publications as a companion to Nova's "New Worlds". Walter Gillings was editor for the first two issues, and was then replaced by John Carnell, the editor of "New Worlds", as a cost-saving measure. Carnell edited both magazines until Nova went out of business in early 1964. The titles were acquired by Roberts & Vinter, who hired Kyril Bonfiglioli to edit "Science Fantasy"; Bonfiglioli changed the title to "Impulse" in early 1966, but the new title led to confusion with the distributors and sales fell, though the magazine remained profitable. The title was changed again to "SF Impulse" for the last few issues. "Science Fantasy" ceased publication the following year, when Roberts & Vinter came under financial pressure after their printer went bankrupt.

Title: Animorphs

Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books written by Katherine Applegate and her husband Michael Grant, writing together under the name K. A. Applegate, and published by Scholastic. It is told in first person, with all six main characters taking turns narrating the books through their own perspectives. Horror, war, dehumanization, sanity, morality, innocence, leadership, freedom and growing up are the core themes of the series.

Title: Etiquette &amp; Espionage

Etiquette & Espionage is a young adult steampunk novel by Gail Carriger. It is her first young adult novel, and is set in the same universe as her bestselling Parasol Protectorate adult series.

Title: Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdülaziz)

Esma Sultan (21 March 1873 – 7 May 1899) was an Ottoman princess, the daughter of Sultan Abdülaziz and his wife Gevheri Kadın, herself the daughter of Salih Bey Svatnba. She was the half-sister of Abdülmecid II, the last Caliph of the Muslim world.

Title: Djamaâ el Kebir

The Great Mosque of Algiers (Arabic: الجامع الكبير‎ ‎ , "Jemaa Kebir") or “Djama’a al-Kebir” (meaning Great Mosque) is a mosque in Algiers, Algeria, located very close to Algiers Harbor. An inscription on the minbar (منبر) or the pulpit testifies to fact that the mosque was built in 1097. It is also known by several other names such as Grand Mosque d'Alger, Djamaa al-Kebir, El Kebir Mosque and Jami Masjid. It is one of the few remaining examples of Almoravid architecture. It is the oldest mosque in Algiers and is said to be the oldest mosque in Algeria after Sidi Okba Mosque. It was built under sultan Ali ibn Yusuf. Its minaret dates from 1332 (1324 in some sources) and was built by the Ziyyanid Sultan of Tlemcen. The gallery at the outside of the mosque was built in 1840. Its construction was a consequence of a complete reconstruction of the street by the French.

Title: Küçük Hüseyin Pasha

Küçük Hüseyin Pasha (1757 – 7 December 1803), also known as Tayazade Damat Küçük Hüseyin Pasha, was an Ottoman statesman and admiral who was Kapudan Pasha (Grand Admiral of the Ottoman Navy) from 11 March 1792 to 7 December 1803. He was a "damat" ("bridegroom") to the Ottoman dynasty after he married an Ottoman princess, Esma Sultan.

Title: Esma Sultan (daughter of Abdul Hamid I)

Esma Sultan (17 July 1778 – 4 June 1848) was an Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Abdul Hamid I, sister of Sultan Mustafa IV and Sultan Mahmud II. She was the adoptive mother of Bezmiâlem Sultan and Rahime Perestu Sultan.

Title: Sultan Ahmed Mosque

The Sultan Ahmed Mosque or Sultan Ahmet Mosque (Turkish: "Sultan Ahmet Camii" ) is a historic mosque located in Istanbul, Turkey. A popular tourist site, the Sultan Ahmed Mosque continues to function as a mosque today; men still kneel in prayer on the mosque's lush red carpet after the call to prayer. The Blue Mosque, as it is popularly known, was constructed between 1609 and 1616 during the rule of Ahmed I. Its Külliye contains Ahmed's tomb, a madrasah and a hospice. Hand-painted blue tiles adorn the mosque’s interior walls, and at night the mosque is bathed in blue as lights frame the mosque’s five main domes, six minarets and eight secondary domes. It sits next to the Hagia Sophia, another popular tourist site.

Title: Laleli Mosque

The Laleli Mosque (Turkish: "Laleli Camii, or Tulip Mosque" ) is an 18th-century Ottoman imperial mosque located in Laleli, Fatih, Istanbul, Turkey.

Title: Esma Sultan Mansion

The Esma Sultan Mansion (Turkish: "Esma Sultan Yalısı" ), a historical yalı (English: waterside mansion ) located at Bosphorus in Ortaköy neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey and named after its original owner Esma Sultan, is used today as a cultural center after being redeveloped.

Title: Esma Sultan

Esma Sultan is the name of three daughters of three Ottoman Sultans:

Title: Gevheri Kadın

Gevheri Kadın (8 July 1856 – 6 September 1884) was the fifth wife of 32nd Ottoman Sultan Abdülaziz. She was the mother of Şehzade Mehmed Seyfeddin and Esma Sultan of the Ottoman Empire.

Title: Esma Sultan (daughter of Ahmed III)

Esma Sultan (14 March 1726 – 13 August 1788) was an Ottoman princess, daughter of Sultan Ahmed III and his consort Zeynep Kadın. She was the half-sister of Sultan Mustafa III and Abdul Hamid I.

Title: Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy

Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy is a 2006 film starring April Hunter and Joanie Laurer. This Romantic comedy film was premiered at New Jersey and New York City on December 1, 2006 and was released on DVD in the United States and the United Kingdom on April 17, 2007. After the film's DVD release "Just Another Romantic Wrestling Comedy" won an "Honorable Mention" award at the New Jersey International Festival awards. The release is being handled by "Victory Multimedia".

Title: Kingston Morning

Kingston Morning is Dave Eggar's 4th solo release recorded in Brooklyn, New York; Kingston, Jamaica; and Big Stone Gap, Virginia; and released by Domo Records. "Itsbynne Reel" was nominated at the 53rd Grammy Awards for "Best Instrumental Arrangement".

Title: Nola (film)

Nola is a 2003 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Alan Hruska. It depicts the struggle of a young woman trying to survive in New York City while looking for her birth father. It premiered in New York City on July 23, 2004.

Title: Adriana Trigiani

Adriana Trigiani is an Italian American best-selling author of sixteen books, television writer, film director, and entrepreneur based in Greenwich Village, New York City. Trigiani has published a novel a year since 2000.

Title: Great Eastern Conventions

Great Eastern Conventions, Inc. was an entertainment company which produced comic book conventions, most actively during the years 1987-1996. In New York City, the Great Eastern shows filled the gap between the mid-1980s demise of the annual Comic Art Convention and Creation Conventions, and the establishment of promoter Michael Carbonaro's annual Big Apple Comic Con in 1996. From 1993–1995, Great Eastern hosted two New York City shows annually at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Great Eastern also ran shows in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Oregon, Minnesota, and Texas.

Title: New York Society of Model Engineers

The New York Society of Model Engineers (NYSME) was originally incorporated in 1926 in New York City. There are published records that show the Society existed as early as 1905. In its early years, the organization moved to and from various locations throughout Manhattan. AT that time it was basically a gentlemen's club of members who were interested in all types of model building. In 1926 the Society was formalized and incorporated under the laws of the State of New York. This was done so that the Society could obtain a permit to use a lake in New York City's Central Park for model motor boat races. It was also at this time that the Society began construction of its first Model Railroad " The Union Connecting". Over the next twenty years, the Society moved from its original location to two other locations. Each move doubling the size of the previous location and of course doubling the size of the model train layout. During WW2 many Society members were called to service in the Armed Forces. Regrettably, the largest of the layouts had to be dismantled. The location of the layout in the basement of the Astor Building was requested for the war effort. The dismantling was done with care, with salvaged usable materials going into scrap drives for the War effort. As members returned after the War a new location was searched for. This led to an invitation from the Lackawanna Railroad to move into their Passenger Terminal in Hoboken,NJ. They had the space for what would become the largest model railroad in the world at that time. The space? Only the ornate waiting room for the recently discontinued ferry boats to 23rd Street in New York City. Here the layout was built. It was based on the Lackawanna Railroad from Hoboken to Scranton, Pa. It was magnificent; from the scale model of the Hoboken Terminal to the soaring Delaware Water Gap. During the early-1950s the organization moved to its current location in Carlstadt, New Jersey.

Title: Clinton, Minnesota

Clinton is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States. The city was named for New York Governor DeWitt Clinton. The population was 449 at the 2010 census.

Title: Hamish and Andy's Gap Year

Hamish & Andy's Gap Year is a Logie Award winning comedy series following Hamish Blake and Andy Lee, a pair of Australian comedians, on their trips to various international locations. The first season saw the boys visiting America for ten episodes and broadcast their show weekly from New York City. In its second season in 2012, the show was titled "Hamish & Andy's Euro Gap Year" and seven episodes were broadcast from The Lord Stanley, a disused pub in East London, England. The third season known as "Hamish and Andy's Gap Year Asia" in 2013 was broadcast from a bar in Bangkok, Thailand, called 'The Raintree'.

Title: I Love NY (2015 film)

I Love NY, also known as I Love New Year, is an Indian romantic comedy film directed by Radhika Rao and Vinay Sapru starring Sunny Deol and Kangana Ranaut in lead roles. The film is produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar under the banner of Super Cassettes Industries Ltd. The film was extensively shot in Mumbai, New York City and Bangkok. The main plot was taken from the Russian romantic comedy "The Irony of Fate" (1976). After numerous delays, the film released on 10 July 2015.

Title: Big Stone Gap (film)

Big Stone Gap is a 2014 American drama romantic comedy film written and directed by Adriana Trigiani and produced by Donna Gigliotti for Altar Identity Studios, a subsidiary of Media Society. Based on Trigiani's 2000 best-selling novel of the same name, the story is set in the actual Virginia town of Big Stone Gap circa 1970s. The film had its world premiere at the Virginia Film Festival on November 6, 2014.

Title: List of awards and nominations received by Shinee

South Korean boy group Shinee have received several awards and nominations for their music work. The group was formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2008 and released their first full-length album, "The Shinee World", on August 28, 2008, which won the Newcomer Album of the Year at the 23rd Golden Disk Awards. The first single released from the album was "Sanso Gateun Neo (Love Like Oxygen)" and won first place on "M Countdown" on September 18, 2008 making it the group's first win on Korean music shows since debut. Their second album "Lucifer" (2010) produced two singles, "Lucifer" and "Hello". For their outstanding choreography the group was nominated for the Best Dance Performance Award at the Mnet Asian Music Awards in 2010. " Lucifer" also won the Disk Bonsang Award at the 25th Golden Disk Awards as well as the Popularity Award. On March 21, 2012 the group released their fourth EP "Sherlock" for which the group was awarded another Disk Bonsang Award at the 27th Golden Disc Awards and the Bonsang Award at the 22nd Seoul Music Award. Also following the success of the lead single it was also nominated for Song of the Year at the 2012 Mnet Asian Music Awards.

Title: Cho Kyuhyun

Cho Kyu-hyun (born February 3, 1988), better known mononymously as Kyuhyun, is a South Korean singer and musical theatre actor. He is best known as a member of South Korean boy group Super Junior, its sub-groups Super Junior-K.R.Y., Super Junior-M and a former member of the South Korean ballad group S.M. the Ballad. He is one of the first four Korean artists to appear on Chinese postage stamps.

Title: 2014 S/S

2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean group WINNER. It was released on August 12, 2014 by the group's record label, YG Entertainment. The members were credited for writing the lyrics and composing the majority of the album's songs.

Title: History (band)

History (Korean: 히스토리 ) was a South Korean boy group formed by LOEN Entertainment in 2013. They debuted on April 26, 2013 with "Dreamer", featuring the narration of their labelmate IU. They were LOEN Entertainment's first boy group. They officially disbanded on May 12, 2017.

Title: Winner (band)

Winner (Hangul: 위너), often stylized as WINNER, is a South Korean boy group formed in 2013 by YG Entertainment and debuted in 2014. It currently consists of four members, Jinwoo, Seunghoon, Mino and Seungyoon. Originally a five-piece group with Taehyun, who later departed from the group in November 2016.

Title: Madtown

Madtown (Hangul: 매드타운 ), often stylized as MADTOWN, is a South Korean boy group formed in 2014 by J. Tune Camp. The group consists of Moos, Daewon, Lee Geon, Jota, Heo Jun, Buffy and H.O. Their debut album, "Mad Town", was released on October 6, 2014. Two of the members, Moos and Buffy, originally debuted as the hip hop duo "Pro C" in 2013. Madtown's official fan-base name is Mad-people. Starting December 22, 2016, MADTOWN's contract was sold to GNI Entertainment after J. Tune Camp closed.

Title: List of songs written by Ravi

Ravi is a South Korean rapper, songwriter and producer, signed under Jellyfish Entertainment. He began his career as a rapper in 2012 in the South Korean boy group VIXX, and later formed VIXX's first sub-unit VIXX LR with band mate Leo in 2015. Ravi's songwriting career began with his participation in co-writing VIXX's debut single "Super Hero". As of November 2016 with the release of "VIXX 2016 Conception Ker", Ravi has contributed to the writing and composing of over 46 songs recorded by VIXX. Ravi is widely known for his participation of composing and songwriting rap portions for the group as well as lyrics and music.

Title: SF9 (band)

SF9 (Korean: 에스에프나인 ; shortened from Sensational Feeling 9) is a South Korean boy group formed by FNC Entertainment. SF9 is the company's first dance boy group to ever debut. SF9 debuted on October 5, 2016 with the release of their first single album "Feeling Sensation".

Title: Seventeen discography

This is the discography of South Korean boy group Seventeen. Seventeen (Hangul: 세븐틴), also stylized as SEVENTEEN or SVT, is a South Korean boy group formed by Pledis Entertainment in 2015. They have released one album and four EPs.

Title: BTS discography

The following is the discography of South Korean boy group BTS. The group debuted in South Korea on June 2013 with single album, "2 Cool 4 Skool", at number 5 on South Korean Week 31 Gaon Weekly Chart. They made a comeback on September 2013 with an extended play, "O!RUL8,2? ", which peaked at number 4 on Week 38 Gaon Weekly Chart. BTS then released their second extended play, "Skool Luv Affair", in February 2014, where it charted at number 1 on Week 18 Gaon Weekly Chart. This also marked the first time their album charted on international charts, Billboard World Albums and Japan's Oricon Chart, specifically. A repackaged version of the album, "Skool Luv Affair Special Addition" which was released in May 2014, also peaked at number 1 on Week 21 Gaon Weekly Chart.

Title: James P. Comer

James P. Comer (born James Pierpont Comer, September 25, 1934 in East Chicago, Indiana) is currently the Maurice Falk Professor of Child Psychiatry at the Yale Child Study Center and has been since 1976. He is also an associate dean at the Yale School of Medicine. As one of the world's leading child psychiatrists, he is best known for his efforts to improve the scholastic performance of children from lower-income and minority backgrounds which led to the founding of the Comer School Development Program in 1968. His program has been used in more than 600 schools in eighty-two school districts. He is the author of ten books, including the autobiographical "Maggie’s American Dream: The Life and Times of a Black Family", 1988; "Leave No Child Behind: Preparing Today's Youth for Tomorrow's World", 2004; and his most recent book, "What I Learned in School: Reflections on Race, Child Development, and School Reform", 2009. He has also written more than 150 articles for Parents (magazine) and more than 300 articles on children's health and development and race relations. Dr. Comer has also served as a consultant to the Children's Television Workshop (Sesame Workshop) which produces Sesame Street and The Electric Company (1971 TV series). He is a co-founder and past president of the Black Psychiatrists of America and has served on the board of several universities, foundations, and corporations. He has also lectured and consulted widely not only across the United States at different universities, medical schools, and scientific associations, but also around the world in places such as London, Paris, Tokyo, Dakar, Senegal and Sydney, Australia. For his work and scholarship, Dr. Comer has been awarded 47 honorary degrees and has been recognized by numerous organizations.

Title: Method Man

Clifford Smith (born April 1, 1971), better known by his stage name Method Man, is an American rapper, record producer, and actor. He is known as a member of the East Coast hip hop collective Wu-Tang Clan. He is also one half of the hip hop duo Method Man & Redman. He took his stage name from the 1979 film "Method Man". In 1996, he won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group, for "I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By", with American R&B singer-songwriter Mary J. Blige.

Title: Indriati Iskak

Indriati Gerald Bernardina (born 9 June 1942), also known by her stage name Indriati Iskak and after marriage as Indri Makki, is an Indonesian actress turned psychologist and marketer. Born in Surabaya, she entered the Indonesian film industry and soared to popularity with Usmar Ismail's commercially successful "Tiga Dara" (1957). She appeared in eight further films and established her own girl group before retiring from cinema in 1963. She graduated from the University of Indonesia with a degree in psychology in 1968, and has taught the subject at the . For twenty-six years she worked with Unilever, and since 1994 she has been a marketing consultant with Makki Makki.

Title: Eenasul Fateh

Eenasul Fateh (Bengali: ঈনাসুল ফাতেহ ; born 3 April 1959), also known by his stage name Aladin, is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner, magician, live artist and former international management consultant.

Title: Mick (DJ)

Mick Batyske (known by his stage name Mick, sometimes styled as MICK, and formerly Mick Boogie) is an American DJ and entrepreneur. He is an A-list DJ and spun private parties for celebrities including Kanye West, LeBron James, Jay-Z and Will Smith. In addition to his mix tape releases, he has performed in venues internationally, including New York City, Dubai, Tokyo, Las Vegas, and Los Angeles. As an entrepreneur, he has invested in various start-up companies including Localeur, in which he is also an advisor and consultant.

Title: Criss Angel

Christopher Nicholas Sarantakos (born December 19, 1967), known by the stage name Criss Angel, is an American magician, illusionist and musician. Angel began his career in New York City, before moving his base of operations to the Las Vegas Valley. He is known for starring in the television and stage show "Criss Angel Mindfreak" and his previous live performance illusion show "Criss Angel Believe" in collaboration with "Cirque du Soleil" at the Luxor casino in Las Vegas. The show generated $150 million in tourist revenue to Las Vegas in 2010, but has since been replaced by "Mindfreak LIVE" on 11 May 2016 (the show is partly produced by Cirque, however the directive rights are entirely with Criss Angel). He also starred in the television series "Criss Angel BeLIEve" on Spike TV, the reality-competition television show "Phenomenon" on NBC, and the 2014 stage show "Criss Angel Magicjam".

Title: ELDee

Lanre Dabiri (born May 23, 1977), better known by his stage name Eldee, stylized as eLDee, is a former Nigerian-American rapper, singer, and record producer but now an IT Consultant based in the United_States "Lanre" is a diminutive for the Yoruba name "Olanrewaju" (which translates to ""Wealth is moving forward""). eLDee has a masters degree in Architecture from the University of Lagos, Nigeria. He is an original member of the band Trybesmen, which was started in 1998 with rappers KB and Freestyle. He hails from Lagos Island in Lagos State of Nigeria.

Title: Management consulting

Management consulting is the practice of helping organizations to improve their performance, operating primarily through the analysis of existing organizational problems and the development of plans for improvement. Organizations may draw upon the services of management consultants for a number of reasons, including gaining external (and presumably objective) advice and access to the consultants' specialized expertise.

Title: Lil Ru

Sylvester Samuels better known by his stage name Lil Ru, is an American rapper from Ridgeway, South Carolina currently signed to Def Jam Recordings. His debut album, 21 & Up was released on August 25, 2009. The Ridgeway native was 16 when he made his professional foray into the music business. Inspired by New Orleans’ innovative Cash Money Crew, Ru began making a name for himself on his local music scene, doing live shows and pressing up his own CDs. His hard-hitting lyrics and entrepreneurial spirit caught the attention of fellow South Carolinian Angie Stone. Shortly after the neo-soul songstress helped him secure a deal with Elektra Records, Ru found himself unsigned again, among the artists lost in the shuffle after the label merged with Atlantic Records. Music fans first heard him on his 2001 debut single Will Destroy. He then released his 2002 follow up, Shawty What You Doin’. Both songs reached the Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop charts and helped land him at his next label home, Capitol Records.

Title: Amaruk Kayshapanta

Amaruk Caizapanta Anchapacxi (Quito, January 30, 1970), whose stage name is Amaruk Kayshapanta. Is an Ecuadorian multidisciplinary artist, known in Spain and Ecuador for his artistic and humanistic trajectory in favor of the Human Rights of Immigration in Spain. Named as the "Chasqui de Oro" (In the VI Race and hike "El Chasqui-NY). Received the award as "Cultural Ambassador of the Andes-Mushuk Nina 2014 (Third Edition)", for rescuing the traditions and culture of the Andes for the Indigenous Organizations of Peru, Bolivia based in Ecuador. He obtained the prize "100 Latinos Madrid", by the Community of Madrid, in recognition of their non-profit altruistic and cultural work for the benefit of foreign immigrants in Spain. Known for his role in the TV series "Hospital Central" in which he gave life to the character "Edgar". His Philosophy "Amawtica Amarukiana Desestructuration" brings to the contemporary world the Philosophical study of the Andean Worldview, a spiritual legacy of transformation and balance for the awakening of a collective conscience.

Title: Billings Bulls

The Billings Bulls were a junior ice hockey organization based in Billings, Montana. They most recently played home games at the 550-seat Centennial Ice Arena and due to the arena's small size, the Bulls frequently sold out games. They previously played their home games in the Metrapark which had a max capacity of 9,000 for hockey games. However, a negotiating dispute with arena officials and local county commissioners resulted in the team losing its lease.

Title: Robins Center

The Robins Center is a 7,201-seat multi-purpose arena in Richmond, Virginia. Opened in 1972, the arena is home to the University of Richmond Spiders basketball. It hosted the ECAC South (now known as the Colonial Athletic Association) men's basketball tournament in 1983. It is named for E. Claiborne Robins Sr, class of 1931, who, along with his family, have been leading benefactors for the school. The opening of the Robins Center returning Spider basketball to an on-campus facility for the first time since the mid-1940s when it outgrew Millhiser Gymnasium. In the intervening decades, the Spiders played home games in numerous locations around the Richmond area, including the Richmond Coliseum (1971–1972), the Richmond Arena (1954–1971), the Benedictine High School gymnasium (1951–1954), Grays' Armory (1950–1951) and Blues' Armory (1947–1950). The Robins Center arena serves as the location of the University of Richmond's commencement exercises and hosted a 1992 Presidential debate involving Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush, and Ross Perot.

Title: 2011–12 QMJHL season

The 2011–12 QMJHL season was the 43rd season of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL). The regular season, which consisted of seventeen teams playing 68 games each, began in September 2011 and ended in March 2012. This season was Blainville-Boisbriand Armada's first season in the league, as the team relocated to Boisbriand from Verdun where they played as the Montreal Junior Hockey Club from 2008 to 2011. The league lost one of his charter teams when the Lewiston Maineiacs folded during after the previous season, the QMJHL later announce an expansion team to Sherbrooke for the 2012-2013 season. In the playoffs, the Saint John Sea Dogs became the seventh team in league history to capture consecutive President's Cup championships.

Title: Loan modification in the United States

Loan modification is the systematic alteration of mortgage loan agreements that help those having problems making the payments by reducing interest rates, monthly payments or principal balances. Lending institutions could make one or more of these changes to relieve financial pressure on borrowers to prevent the condition of foreclosure. Loan modifications have been practiced in the United States since The 2008 Crash Of The Housing Market from Washington Mutual, Chase Home Finance, Chase, JP Morgan & Chase, other contributors like MER's. Crimes of Mortgage ad Real Estate Staff had long assisted nd finally the squeaky will could not continue as their deviant practices broke the state and crashed. Modification owners either ordered by The United States Department of Housing, The United States IRS or President Obamas letters from Note Holders came to those various departments asking for the Democratic process to help them keep their homes and protection them from explosion. Thus the birth of Modifications. It is yet to date for clarity how theses enforcements came into existence and except b whom, but t is certain that note holders form the Midwest reached out in the Democratic Process for assistance. FBI Mortgage Fraud Department came into existence. Modifications HMAP HARP were also birthed to help note holders get Justice through reduced mortgage by making terms legal. Modification of mortgage terms was introduced by IRS staff addressing the crisis called the HAMP TEAMS that went across the United States desiring the new products to assist homeowners that were victims of predatory lending practices, unethical staff, brokers, attorneys and lenders that contributed to the crash. Modification were a fix to the crash as litigation has ensued as the lenders reorganized and renamed the lending institutions and government agencies are to closely monitor them. Prior to modifications loan holders that experiences crisis would use Loan assumptions and Loan transfers to keep the note in the 1930s. During the Great Depression, loan transfers, loan assumption, and loan bail out programs took place at the state level in an effort to reduce levels of loan foreclosures while the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Federal Trade Commission, Comptroller, the United States Government and State Government responded to lending institution violations of law in these arenas by setting public court records that are legal precedence of such illegal actions. The legal precedents and reporting agencies were created to address the violations of laws to consumers while the Modifications were created to assist the consumers that are victims of predatory lending practices. During the so-called "Great Recession" of the early 21st century, loan modification became a matter of national policy, with various actions taken to alter mortgage loan terms to prevent further economic destabilization. Due to absorbent personal profits nothing has been done to educate Homeowners or Creditors that this money from equity, escrow is truly theirs the Loan Note Holder and it is their monetary rights as the real prize and reason for the Housing Crash was the profit n obtaining the mortgage holders Escrow. The Escrow and Equity that is accursed form the Note Holders payments various staff through the United States claimed as recorded and cashed by all staff in real-estate from local residential Tax Assessing Staff, Real Estate Staff, Ordinance Staff, Police Staff, Brokers, attorneys, lending institutional staff but typically Attorneys who are also typically the owners or Rental properties that are trained through Bankruptcies'. that collect the Escrow that is rightfully the Homeowners but because most Homeowners are unaware of what money is due them and how they can loose their escrow. Most Creditors are unaware that as the note holder that the Note Holder are due a annual or semi annual equity check and again bank or other lending and or legal intuitions staff claim this monies instead. This money Note Holders were unaware of is the prize of real estate and the cause of the Real Estate Crash of 2008 where Lending Institutions provided mortgages to people years prior they know they would eventually loose with Loan holders purchasing Balloon Mortgages lending product that is designed to make fast money off the note holder whom is always typically unaware of their escrow, equity and that are further victimized by conferences and books on HOW TO MAKE MONEY IN REAL STATE - when in fact the money is the Note Holder. The key of the crash was not the House, but the loan product used and the interest and money that was accrued form the note holders that staff too immorally. The immoral and illegal actions of predatory lending station and their staff began with the inception of balloon mortgages although illegal activity has always existed in the arena, yet the crash created "Watch Dog" like HAMP TEAM, IRS, COMPTROLLER< Federal Trade Commission Consumer Protection Bureau, FBI, CIA, Local Police Department, ICE ( The FBI online Computer crime division receives and investigates computer crimes that record keeping staff from title companies, lending institutional staff, legal staff and others created fraudulent documents to change payments and billing of note holders to obtain the money note holders are typically unaware of) and other watch dog agencies came into existence to examine if houses were purchased through a processed check at Government Debited office as many obtained free homes illegally. Many were incarcerated for such illegal actions. Modifications fixed the Notes to proper lower interest, escrow, tax fees that staff typically raised for no reason. Many people from various arenas involved in reals estate have been incarcerated for these actions as well as other illegal actions like charging for a modification. Additionally Modifications were also made to address the falsifications such as inappropriate mortgage charges, filing of fraudulently deeds, reporting of and at times filing of fraudulent mortgages that were already paid off that were fraudulently continued by lenders staff and attorneys or brokers or anyone in the Real Estate Chain through the issues of real estate terms to continue to violate United States Laws, contract law and legal precedence where collusion was often done again to defraud and steal from the Note Holder was such a common practice that was evidence as to why the Mortgage Crash in 2008 occurred for the purpose of wining the prize of stealing form Homeowners and those that foreclosed was actually often purposefully for these monies note holders were unaware of to be obtained which was why Balloon mortgages and loans were given to the staff in the Real Estate Market with the hoper and the expectation that the loan holders would default as it offered opportunity to commit illegal transactions of obtaining the homeowners funds. While such scams were addressed through modifications in 2008. The Market relied heavily on Consumers ignorance to prosper, ignorance of real estate terms, ignorance on what they were to be charged properly for unethical financial gain and while staff in real estates lending arenas mingled terms to deceive y deliberate confusion consumers out of cash and homes while the USA Government provided Justice through President Obamas Inception and IRS Inception of Modifications which addressed these unethical profits in Reals Estate. It was in 2009 that HARP, HAMP and Modifications were introduced to stop the victimization of Note Holders. Taking on the Banks that ran USA Government was a great and dangerous undertaking that made America Great Again as Justice for Consumers reigned. Legal action taken against institutions that have such business practices can be viewed in State Code of Law and Federal Law on precedent cases that are available to the public. Finally, It had been unlawful to be charged by an attorney to modify as well as fro banking staff to modify terms to increase a mortgage and or change lending product to a balloon in an concerted effort to make homeowner foreclose which is also illegal, computer fraud and not the governments intended purpose or definition of a modification.

Title: Case Gym

Case Gym is a 1,800-seat multi-purpose arena at Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts. It opened in 1972 as part of the Harold Case Physical Education Center, which is named after the university's fifth president, Harold C. Case. The gym is referred to as "The Roof" because it is located on the top level of the building, above Walter Brown Arena. It is home to the Boston University Terriers men's and women's basketball teams, as well as the men's wrestling team. Basketball games are also played in Agganis Arena, and on occasion Walter Brown Arena. When Boston University left the America East Conference for the Patriot League in July 2013, they announced that all home men's basketball conference games would be played at Agganis Arena, with the non-conference games to be played at Case.

Title: Androscoggin Bank Colisée

The Androscoggin Bank Colisée (formerly Central Maine Civic Center and Lewiston Colisee) is a 4,000 capacity (3,677 seated) multi-purpose arena, in Lewiston, Maine, that opened in 1958. In 1965 it was the location of the World Heavyweight Title fight during which one of the most famous sports photographs of the century was taken of Muhammed Ali standing over Sonny Liston.

Title: 2007 Memorial Cup

The 2007 MasterCard Memorial Cup was played in May 2007 in Vancouver, British Columbia, at the Pacific Coliseum. It was the 89th annual Memorial Cup competition and determined the major junior ice hockey champion of the Canadian Hockey League (CHL). The tournament was competed between the WHL champion Medicine Hat Tigers, the OHL champion Plymouth Whalers, the QMJHL champion Lewiston Maineiacs, and the host team and tournament champion Vancouver Giants, who were competing in their second consecutive national junior championship. The Memorial Cup tournament was a four team tournament with a round-robin format. The Giants won their first Memorial Cup, defeating Medicine Hat 3–1 in the second all-WHL final in tournament history (the first was in 1989). The tournament set a new Memorial Cup attendance record with 121,561 fans attending the nine games. The previous record of 84,686 was set at the 2003 tournament in Quebec City.

Title: Lewiston Maineiacs

The Lewiston Maineiacs were a junior ice hockey team of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League based in Lewiston, Maine. The team played its home games at the Androscoggin Bank Colisée. They were the second QMJHL team in the United States, and the only one to play a full season. They won the President's Cup in 2007.

Title: Dwyer Arena

The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena houses two ice surfaces, both 200 x 85 ft., and pro shop on Niagara University's campus in Lewiston, New York, United States. The main rink can seat up to 1,400 people and is the home to the Niagara Purple Eagles men's ice hockey team, which plays in Atlantic Hockey. The arena was formerly home to the women's ice hockey team, which played in College Hockey America.

Title: 2006–07 QMJHL season

The 2006–07 QMJHL season was the 38th season in the history of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League. The regular season ran from September 14, 2006 to March 18, 2007. Eighteen teams played 70 games each in the schedule. The Lewiston Maineiacs finished first overall in the regular season winning their first Jean Rougeau Trophy. Lewiston won 16 playoff games, losing only one, en route to their first President's Cup, defeating the Val-d'Or Foreurs in the finals.

Title: Annie Morton

Annie Morton (born October 8, 1970) is an American model born in Pennsylvania. She has appeared on the covers of "British Vogue", "ID", "Marie Claire", and other magazines. She has been photographed by Helmut Newton; Peter Lindbergh; Annie Leibovitz; Richard Avedon; Juergen Teller; Paul Jasmin, Mary Ellen Mark and Terry Richardson, and modeled for Donna Karan, Givenchy, Guerlain, Chanel, "Harper's Bazaar", "Sports Illustrated" and Victoria's Secret. A long time vegetarian, an advocate for organic lifestyle choices and natural healthcare. She co-founded Tsi-La Organics, a "Green Luxury" company that creates and sells vegan, organic perfume and skin care products.

Title: Madonna (book)

Madonna is a biography by English author Andrew Morton, chronicling the life of American recording artist Madonna. The book was released in November 2001 by St. Martin's Press in the United States and in April 2002 by Michael O'Mara Books in the United Kingdom. Morton decided to write a biography on Madonna in 2000. The release was announced in April 2001 by St. Martin's Press. President and publisher Sally Richardson described the biography to contain details about Madonna's ambitions, her relationships and her lifestyle.

Title: Terry Richardson

Terrence "Uncle Terry" Richardson (born August 14, 1965) is an American fashion and portrait photographer who has shot advertising campaigns for Marc Jacobs, Aldo, Supreme, Sisley, Tom Ford, and Yves Saint Laurent among others. He has also done work for magazines such as "Rolling Stone", "GQ", "Vogue", "Vanity Fair", "Harper's Bazaar", "i-D", and "Vice".

Title: Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson

Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson is a photo-book by American singer Lady Gaga and American photographer Terry Richardson, released on November 22, 2011 by Grand Central Publishing. The book features more than 350 pictures of Gaga as taken by Richardson during a ten-month period from Gaga's performance at The Monster Ball Tour till the 2011 Grammy Awards. In addition to photographs, it includes a foreword written by the singer about her relationship with Richardson. The duo had collaborated on other projects prior to the shooting of the book.

Title: Gumbo (PJ Morton album)

Gumbo is the fourth and first self-released studio album by American singer-songwriter PJ Morton. It was released on April 14, 2017, by Morton Records, as the follow-up to his third studio album "New Orleans" (2013). The record incorporates R&B styles with elements of older soul music; its lyrics discuss themes of romance and explores political and personal themes. The album is entirely produced by Morton himself and features guest appearances by Pell, BJ the Chicago Kid and R&B singer Anthony Hamilton's back-up group, The HamilTones. The album features a cover of the Bee Gees' "How Deep Is Your Love".

Title: Amanda Lepore

Amanda Lepore (born November 21, 1967) is an American transgender model, celebutante, singer, and performance artist. The former Club Kid has appeared in advertising for numerous companies. Lepore is also noted as a regular subject in photographer David LaChapelle's work, serving as his muse, as well as many other photographers, such as Terry Richardson and . She participated in LaChapelle's "Artists and Prostitutes 1985–2005" exhibit in New York City, where she "lived" in a voyeuristic life-sized set. Lepore has also released several singles, many written by and/or recorded with Cazwell. In 2011, she released her debut studio album, "I.. . Amanda Lepore", on Peace Bisquit.

Title: Piano Girl

Piano Girl (Turkish: "Deli Deli Olma" ) is a 2009 Turkish comedy-drama film, directed by Murat Saraçoğlu, starring Tarık Akan and Şerif Sezer as two elderly people forced to question their histories and reveal their big secrets. The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on  17, 2009 (2009--) , was the opening film at the Sinema Burada Film Festival in İzmir, Turkey, and has since been screened in competition at a number of other film festivals, including the 46th Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival, where, according to Terry Richardson, writing for Today's Zaman, "the rapt audience gave it a standing ovation."

Title: Index Magazine

index Magazine was a prominent New York City based publication with in-depth interviews with prominent figures in art and culture. It was created by Peter Halley and Bob Nickas in 1996, running until late 2005. Covering the burgeoning Indie culture of the 1990s, index regularly employed such rising photographers as Juergen Teller, Terry Richardson, Wolfgang Tillmans, and Ryan McGinley, and featured interviews with figures including Björk, Brian Eno, Marc Jacobs, and Scarlett Johansson, mixing new talents and established names in music, film, architecture, fashion, art, and politics. In addition to famous personalities, the publication also featured a mix of interviews with not so-famous New York personalities such as Queen Itchie or Ducky Doolittle.

Title: Snoecks

Snoecks is a Belgian magazine. The huge, 550-plus-page magazine appears once a year in October and focuses on the most interesting new international developments in the arts, photography and literature. In recent editions the book had features on artists such as Anton Corbijn, Larry Sultan, Matthew Barney, Terry Richardson, Ron Mueck, Alberto Garcia-Alix, Peter Lindbergh, Albert Watson, Desiree Dolron, Bettina Rheims, Diana Scheunemann, Timothy Greenfield-Sanders and Andres Serrano.

Title: Kenton Richardson

Kenton Terry Richardson (born 26 July 1999) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for League Two side Hartlepool United.

Title: Mendocino County GMO Ban

Mendocino County, California, was the first jurisdiction in the United States to ban the cultivation, production or distribution of genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The ordinance, entitled Measure H, was passed by referendum on March 2, 2004. Initiated by the group "GMO Free Mendocino", the campaign was a highly publicized grassroots effort by local farmers and environmental groups who contend that the potential risks of GMOs to human health and the ecosystem have not yet been fully understood. The measure was met with opposition by several interest groups representing the biotechnology industry, The California Plant Health Association (now the Western Plant Health Association) and CropLife America, a Washington-based consortium whose clients represent some of the largest food distributors in the nation, including Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical. Since the enactment of the ordinance, Mendocino County has been added to an international list of "GMO free zones." Pre-emptive statutes banning local municipalities from such ordinances have now become widespread with adoption in sixteen states.

Title: United States Senate election in Illinois, 1978

The 1978 United States Senate election in Illinois took place on November 7, 1978. Incumbent Republican United States Senator Charles H. Percy ran for re-election to a third term in the United States Senate. Percy was opposed by Democratic nominee Alex Seith, an attorney who had been appointed to several local government positions. Though Percy had been expected to coast to re-election over Seith, a first-time candidate, the election quickly became competitive. In the last few days of the campaign, a desperate Percy ran a television advertisement that featured him apologizing and acknowledging that, "I got your message and you're right." Percy's last-ditch effort appeared to have paid off, as he was able to edge out Seith to win what would end up being his third and final term in the Senate.

Title: William H. Cook Water Tank House

The William H. Cook Water Tank House is a water tank house located southeast of Jerome, Idaho, United States. The building was constructed circa 1915 and was used to store water for William H. Cook's farm. The rectangular building was constructed with lava rock and contains a metal tank. Although the stone craftsmanship in the building is similar to the work of local stonemason H. T. Pugh, the builder of the house has not been determined.

Title: Amherst, Massachusetts

Amherst ( ) is a town in Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States, in the Connecticut River valley. As of the 2010 census, the population was 37,819, making it the largest municipality in Hampshire County (although the county seat is Northampton). The town is home to Amherst College, Hampshire College, and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, three of the Five Colleges. The name of the town is pronounced without the "h" ("AM-erst"), giving rise to the local saying, "only the 'h' is silent", in reference both to the pronunciation and to the town's politically active populace.

Title: Local H

Local H is an American rock band originally formed by guitarist and vocalist Scott Lucas, bassist Matt Garcia, drummer Joe Daniels, and lead guitarist John Sparkman in Zion, Illinois in 1987. The members all met in high school in 1987 and founded Local H three years later.

Title: Wilford H. Fawcett House

The Wilford H. Fawcett House is a house in Breezy Point, Minnesota, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Wilford H. Fawcett, also known as "Captain Billy", started the book "Captain Billy's Whiz Bang" as a joke book for soldiers during World War I. He formed Fawcett Publications in 1919 in Robbinsdale, Minnesota. In 1920, he bought a tract of land where the present-day Breezy Point Resort is located, and he began building cottages and a large log lodge. The lodge has since burnt down. He built the Fawcett House as a private residence within the resort property. Fawcett hired the Minneapolis architects of Magney and Tusler and commissioned the design in the Swiss Chateau style. The rustic log style was a bit ironic, since the local logging industry had declined before the resort was built.

Title: For Against

For Against is a United States post-punk/dream pop band from Lincoln, Nebraska. Despite numerous lineup shuffles and some periods of dormancy, the band has produced material steadily from its 1984 inception to the present.

Title: Ophur

Ophur was a rock band from the Chicago suburbs in DuPage County. The band performed in the midwestern United States over the course of seven years with national acts including The Plain White T's, Sum 41, Violent Femmes, Local H, Lucky Boys Confusion, Veruca Salt, Two Skinee J's, Duvall, Sleeping at Last, and others. Their music has been described as an eclectic amalgamation of U2, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Pink Floyd.

Title: Suffrajett

Suffrajett is a United States rock band from New York City, currently based in Chicago, Illinois, composed of singer/violinist Simi Sernaker, guitarist Jason Chasko, bassist Kevin Roberts, and drummer Danny Severson. Suffrajett has toured with Local H, The Last Vegas, and Bob Schneider, and have opened for the reunited MC5. Suffrajett released their self-titled debut album on February 2, 2003, and their latest album "Black Glitter" was released on January 1, 2007. They recently toured with Juliette and the Licks and Scissors for Lefty.

Title: Hallelujah! I'm a Bum (album)

Hallelujah! I'm A Bum is the seventh studio album by Chicago-based rock band Local H. Interviews with the band have revealed that it is a concept album based on politics in the United States. Although the album was completed in spring of 2012, the band chose to release it in September as to be closer to the 2012 presidential election. The album makes frequent use of the sounds of the El Train in Chicago to transition songs.

Title: North Kansas City, Missouri

North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States that despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area. The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census. Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, Missouri, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits. North Kansas City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.

Title: University of Missouri–Kansas City

The University of Missouri–Kansas City (UMKC) is a public research university serving the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Located in Kansas City, Missouri, UMKC is one of four system campuses that collectively constitute the University of Missouri. UMKC is spread across multiple locales; the main Volker Campus, home to the majority of university operations, is located in Kansas City's Rockhill neighborhood, east of the Country Club Plaza, and adjacent to both the Stowers Institute for Medical Research and the world-renowned Linda Hall Library. In 2017 the University, in collaboration with Truman Medical Center, Children's Mercy Hospital, the Missouri Health Department, the Jackson County Medical Examiners Office, and the Missouri Department of Mental Health Behavioral Medicine, formed the UMKC Health Sciences District on Hospital Hill. This district is a first-in-the-nation partnership between local and state governments, the university, and these nationally recognized healthcare faculties, designed to promote collaboration in research, innovation, education, grant funding, and community outreach, for the advancement of health and wellness in the greater Kansas City metropolitan area. Also in 2017, the university announced plans to expand its metropolitan identity with the construction of a downtown Campus for the Arts, located near the Kauffman Center for the Performing Arts. The university's enrollment as of 2015 exceeded more than 16,600 students.

Title: Kansas City jazz

Kansas City jazz is a style of jazz that developed in Kansas City, Kansas and Kansas City, Missouri and the surrounding Kansas City Metropolitan Area during the 1930s and marked the transition from the structured big band style to the musical improvisation style of Bebop. The hard-swinging, bluesy transition style is bracketed by Count Basie who in 1929 signed with the Bennie Moten's Kansas City Orchestra and Kansas City native Charlie Parker who was to usher in the Bebop style in the 1940s. According to a Kansas City website, "While New Orleans was the birthplace of jazz, America's music grew up in Kansas City". Kansas City is known as one of the most popular "cradles of jazz". Other cities include New Orleans, Chicago, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, and New York City.

Title: Kansas City Scout

Kansas City Scout is one of the United States' largest electronic traffic management systems. It was created in 2000 as part of a bi-state initiative between the Missouri Department of Transportation and the Kansas Department of Transportation to provide this system for the Kansas City Metropolitan Area, which is in both Missouri and Kansas (the anchor city of Kansas City is in Missouri). The project's cost was $43 million. Of that amount, the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) contributed 80-90 percent of the project cost. KDOT and MoDOT shared the remaining cost. The system employs a system of electronic boards placed on major highways throughout the metropolitan area that display traffic information whenever information needs to be displayed (due to an accident, lane closure, highway closure etc.), and the system also has cameras on those billboards to automatically detect traffic problems. While the system has extensive coverage of highways in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area it still has much more to cover. Since it would be too expensive to cover all the major highways in the Kansas City metro (which has more miles of highway per person than any other metropolitan area in the United States), studies were conducted to determine which highways or segments of highways have priority due to higher accident rates. Since the project's beginning, it has expanded greatly, and will continue to expand. Future plans are to extend coverage to I-635 and cover I-435 even more (especially in the northern areas of the metro) as well as other major city highways. It was named after the iconic Kansas City Scout Statue that exists in Penn Valley Park, overlooking Downtown Kansas City.

Title: Kansas Song

Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas) is a fight song of the University of Kansas.

Title: Downtown Kansas City

Downtown Kansas City is the central business district (CBD) of Kansas City, Missouri and the Kansas City metropolitan area. It is between the Missouri River in the north, to 31st Street in the south; and from the Kansas–Missouri state line east to Bruce R. Watkins Drive as defined by the Downtown Council of Kansas City; the 2010 Greater Downtown Area Plan formulated by the City of Kansas City defines the Greater Downtown Area to be the city limits of North Kansas City and Missouri to the north, the Kansas–Missouri state line to the west, 31st Street to the south and Woodland Avenue to the east. However, the definition used by the Downtown Council is the most commonly accepted.

Title: Kansas City metropolitan area

The Kansas City metropolitan area is a 15-county metropolitan area anchored by Kansas City, Missouri, that straddles the border between the U.S. states of Missouri and Kansas. With a population of about 2,340,000, it ranks as the second largest metropolitan area with its core in Missouri (after Greater St. Louis). Alongside Kansas City, the area includes a number of other cities and suburbs, the largest being Overland Park, Kansas; Kansas City, Kansas; Olathe, Kansas; and Independence, Missouri; each over 100,000 in population. The Mid-America Regional Council (MARC) serves as the Council of Governments and the Metropolitan Planning Organization for the area.

Title: University of the Incarnate Word

The University of the Incarnate Word (UIW) is a private Catholic university whose main campus is located in San Antonio and Alamo Heights, Texas, United States. Founded in 1881 by the Sisters of Charity of the Incarnate Word, the university's main campus is located on 154 acre .

Title: History of the Kansas City metropolitan area

The history of the Kansas City metropolitan area begins in the 19th century as Frenchmen from St. Louis, Missouri moved up the Missouri River to trap for furs and trade with the Native Americans. The Kansas City metropolitan area, straddling the border between Missouri and Kansas at the confluence of the Kansas and Missouri Rivers, was a strategic point for commerce and security. Kansas City, Missouri was founded in 1838 and defeated its rival Westport to become the predominant city west of St. Louis. The area played a major role in the westward expansion of the United States. The Santa Fe, and Oregon trails ran through the area. In 1854, when Kansas was opened to Euro-American settlement, the Missouri-Kansas border became the first battlefield in the conflict in the American Civil War.

Title: University of Kansas

The University of Kansas, often referred to as KU or Kansas, is a public research university in the U.S. state of Kansas. The main campus in Lawrence, one of the largest college towns in Kansas, is on Mount Oread, the highest elevation in Lawrence. Two branch campuses are in the Kansas City metropolitan area: the Edwards Campus in Overland Park, and the university's medical school and hospital in Kansas City. There are also educational and research sites in Parsons, Topeka, Garden City, Hays, and Leavenworth, and branches of the medical school in Wichita and Salina. The university is one of the 62 members of the Association of American Universities.

Title: Ungod

Ungod is the debut album released in 1994 on Columbia Records by the American industrial rock band Stabbing Westward. The album was recorded in six weeks of 1993 in Chiswick, England, and released on February 15, 1994. With adequate album sales and touring with the likes of Depeche Mode a second album was warranted, "Wither Blister Burn & Peel". The guitar line in the chorus of the song "Ungod" was later used in Filter's song "Hey Man, Nice Shot." Stuart Zechman, who was also playing guitar for Filter at the time, took the riff and showed it to Stabbing Westward who ended up using it as well. The song "Nothing" appeared in the "Bad Boys" movie starring Will Smith, Martin Lawrence and Téa Leoni, but was not featured on the official soundtrack album. The song also accompanied the credits of the film "Johnny Mnemonic" and was included on the film's soundtrack, along with the song "Lost". "Lost", "Lies" and "Can't Happen Here" were used in the film "Mortal Kombat", but Stabbing Westward refused to include it in the official soundtrack. The "Thread Mix" of "Violent Mood Swings" was included in the Clerks soundtrack.

Title: Season of the Witch (2011 film)

Season of the Witch is a 2011 American historical fantasy adventure film starring Nicolas Cage and Ron Perlman and directed by Dominic Sena with extensive uncredited reshoots by Brett Ratner. Cage and Perlman star as Teutonic Knights, who return from the Crusades to find their fatherland ruined by the Black Death. Two church elders accuse a girl (Claire Foy) of being a witch responsible for the destruction; they command the two knights to transport the girl to a monastery so the monks can lift her curse from the land. The film draws inspiration from the 1957 film "The Seventh Seal". It reunited Sena and Cage who had previously worked together on "Gone in 60 Seconds".

Title: Time to Kill (1989 film)

Time to Kill (Italian: Tempo di uccidere ) is a 1989 Italian drama film starring Nicolas Cage and Italian actors Ricky Tognazzi and Giancarlo Giannini . It is directed by Giuliano Montaldo. The film is set in 1936, when Ethiopia was an Italian colony, and was filmed in Zimbabwe. It is based on the novel with the same name written by Ennio Flaiano.

Title: David Weissman

David Weissman is a screenwriter and director. His film credits include "The Family Man" (2000), "Evolution" (2001), and ""When in Rome"" (2010).

Title: Deadfall (1993 film)

Deadfall is a 1993 crime drama film directed by Christopher Coppola. Coppola co-wrote the script with Nick Vallelonga. The film stars Michael Biehn, Nicolas Cage, Charlie Sheen, James Coburn, and Peter Fonda. It is also the prime influence on the song 'Deadfall', written by the American hardcore punk band Snot. A prequel/sequel, "Arsenal", starring Nicolas Cage as his character Eddie King, was released in 2017.

Title: Gone in 60 Seconds (2000 film)

Gone in 60 Seconds is a 2000 American action heist film, starring Nicolas Cage, Angelina Jolie, Giovanni Ribisi, Christopher Eccleston, Robert Duvall, Vinnie Jones, and Will Patton. The film was directed by Dominic Sena, written by Scott Rosenberg, and produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, producer of "The Rock" and "Con Air" (both of which starred Cage) and "Armageddon" (which starred Patton), and is a loose remake of the 1974 H.B. Halicki film of the same name.

Title: Drive Angry

Drive Angry is a 2011 American fantasy action film starring Nicolas Cage and Amber Heard, and directed by Patrick Lussier. It was released on February 25, 2011. Shot in 3-D, the film was met with a mixed reception and grossed almost $29 million.

Title: It Could Happen to You (1994 film)

It Could Happen to You is a 1994 American romantic comedy-drama film starring Nicolas Cage and Bridget Fonda. It is the story of New York City police officer (Cage) who wins the lottery and splits his winnings with a waitress (Fonda). This basic premise was inspired by a real-life incident.

Title: City of Angels (film)

City of Angels is a 1998 American romantic fantasy film directed by Brad Silberling and starring Nicolas Cage and Meg Ryan. Set in Los Angeles, California, the film is a loose remake of Wim Wenders' 1987 film "Wings of Desire" ("Der Himmel über Berlin"), which was set in Berlin. As with the original, "City of Angels" tells the story of an angel (Cage) who falls in love with a mortal woman (Ryan), and wishes to become human in order to be with her. With the guidance of a man (Dennis Franz) who has already made the transition from immortality, the angel falls and discovers the human experience.

Title: The Family Man

The Family Man is a 2000 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Brett Ratner, written by David Diamond and David Weissman, and starring Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni. Cage's production company, Saturn Films, helped produce the film. The film centers on a man who sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior.

Title: Arnold Schwarzenegger filmography

Arnold Schwarzenegger is an actor who has appeared in over 30 films, and has also ventured into directing and producing. He began his acting career primarily with small roles in film and television. For his first film role, he was credited as "Arnold Strong", but was credited with his birth name thereafter. He has appeared mainly in action, and comedy films. In addition to films and television, he has appeared in music videos for AC/DC, Bon Jovi, and Guns N' Roses.

Title: Guns N' Roses discography

Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1985 by members of Hollywood Rose and L.A. Guns. The band has released six studio albums, two live albums, two compilation albums, two extended plays, seven video albums, eighteen singles, twenty four music videos and one video single. Guns N' Roses signed a deal with Geffen Records in 1986, after the independently released EP "Live ?! *@ Like a Suicide" a year before. Its debut studio album "Appetite for Destruction" was released in 1987, reached the top of the "Billboard" 200 and sold 18 million units in the United States and approximately 33 million units worldwide.

Title: Hammerjack's

Hammerjacks Concert Hall and Nightclub was a large concert hall in downtown Baltimore through the 1980s and into the 1990s owned by Louis J. Principio III The club attracted many big-name national acts, but also showcased many rising stars in the music world. The bands ranged from punk, glam, and heavy metal acts most commonly associated with the venue (e.g., Guns n Roses, Kix, Ratt, Skid Row or Extreme) to pop (e.g., Badfinger) and alternative rock groups (e.g., Goo Goo Dolls). The club was often frequented by hard core patrons and musicians donning big hair, leather, lace, spandex, and heavy makeup, and was considered a "hard rock shrine." Hamerjacks, however, attracted audiences with other attire as well. It was torn down on June 12, 1997 to make way for M&T Bank Stadium parking lot. Hammerjacks was billed as "The largest nightclub on the east coast."

Title: Steven Adler

Steven Adler (born Michael Coletti; January 22, 1965) is an American musician. He is best known as the former drummer and co-songwriter of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s. Adler was fired from Guns N' Roses over his heroin addiction in 1990, following which he reformed his old band Road Crew and briefly joined BulletBoys, which both proved unsuccessful. During the 2000s, Adler was the drummer of the band Adler's Appetite, and from 2012, he had held the same position in the band Adler. In early 2017, Steven Adler declared that he has no intention to continue with the band, and that the band has now dissolved, and the reason is his lack of interest in performing during poorly attended concerts. He appeared on the second and fifth seasons of the reality TV show "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew", as well as on the first season of its spin-off "Sober House". He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012 as a member of Guns N' Roses.

Title: Faction Punk

Faction With Jason Ellis is an uncensored hard rock, punk, hip hop, and heavy metal music mixed channel on Siruis XM Satellite Radio. Until mid-July 2017, Faction appeared on Sirius XM channel 41. In mid-July 2017, Faction was temporarily replaced by Guns N Roses radio. After August 16, 2017, channel 41 was rebranded to Turbo, Sirius XM's channel for hard rock from the 1990s and 2000s. Faction moved to channel 314, Turbo's previous channel. Faction is currently available on select Sirius XM radios, Sirius XM streaming, and the Sirius XM smartphone app.

Title: True Lies

True Lies is a 1994 American action film written, co-produced and directed by James Cameron, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jamie Lee Curtis, Tom Arnold, Art Malik, Tia Carrere, Bill Paxton, Eliza Dushku, Grant Heslov and Charlton Heston. It is a loose remake of the 1991 French comedy film "La Totale! " The film follows U.S. government agent Harry Tasker (Schwarzenegger), who balances his life as a spy with his familial duties.

Title: Last Action Hero

Last Action Hero is a 1993 American fantasy action comedy film directed and produced by John McTiernan. It is a satire of the action genre and associated clichés, containing several parodies of action films in the form of films within the film. The film stars Arnold Schwarzenegger as Jack Slater, a Los Angeles police detective within the "Jack Slater" action film franchise. Austin O'Brien co-stars as a boy magically transported into the "Slater" universe. Schwarzenegger also served as the film's executive producer and plays himself as the actor portraying Jack Slater, and Charles Dance plays an assassin who escapes from the "Slater" world into the real world.

Title: End of Days (film)

End of Days is a 1999 American fantasy action horror thriller film directed by Peter Hyams and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gabriel Byrne, Robin Tunney, Kevin Pollak, Rod Steiger, CCH Pounder, and Udo Kier. The film follows former New York Police Department detective Jericho Cane (Schwarzenegger) after he saves a banker (Byrne) from an assassin, finds himself embroiled in a religious conflict, and must protect an innocent young woman (Tunney) who is chosen by evil forces to conceive the Antichrist with Satan.

Title: Oh My God (Guns N' Roses song)

"Oh My God" is a song by Guns N' Roses released in 1999 on the soundtrack to the film "End of Days". The song was sent out to radio stations in November 1999 as a promo for the soundtrack and the band. Despite being the band's first recorded release in almost five years, it was never issued as a stand-alone single for public retail.

Title: Get Christie Love!

Get Christie Love! is a 1974 made-for-television film and subsequent crime drama TV series starring Teresa Graves as an undercover female police detective who is determined to overthrow a drug ring. This film is based on Dorothy Uhnak's crime-thriller novel "The Ledger". However, the main character "Christie Opara"—a white, New York Police detective—was dropped completely and "Christie Love" emerged.

Title: Real estate benchmarking

Real estate benchmarking is the standard of measurement used to analyze the financial characteristics of a real estate investment property. In the general sense, real estate benchmarking refers to the comparison of potential real estate investment properties against a predetermined framework of measurement. In a narrow sense, the term real estate benchmarking refers to the specific real estate indicators used to measure the real estate properties.

Title: Villard (imprint)

Villard, also known as Villard Books, is a publishing imprint of Random House, one of the largest publishing companies in the world. It was founded in 1983. Villard began as an independent imprint of Random House and is currently a sub-imprint of Ballantine Books, itself an imprint of Random House. It was named after a Stanford White brownstone mansion on Madison Avenue that was the home of Random House for twenty years.

Title: 888 7th Avenue

888 7th Avenue is a 628 ft (191m) tall modern-style office skyscraper in Midtown Manhattan which was completed in 1969 and has 46 floors. Emery Roth & Sons designed the building, which is tied with Central Park Place for the 65th tallest building in New York City. It currently carries the Vornado Realty Trust corporate headquarters. Previously known as the Arlen Building, its namesake being the company responsible for its construction, Arlen Realty & Development Corporation. The Red Eye Grill is located in the building at street level.

Title: Random House Tower

The Random House Tower, also known as the Park Imperial Apartments, is a 52-story mixed-use tower in New York City, United States, that is used as the headquarters of book publisher Random House and a luxury apartment complex. The book publisher entrance is on Broadway and goes up to 27 floors, while the apartment complex entrance is on West 56th Street.

Title: Pershing Square Capital Management

Pershing Square Capital Management is an American hedge fund management company founded and run by Bill Ackman, located at 888 7th Avenue in New York.

Title: Carl B. Stokes United States Courthouse

The Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Building is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio. It is also known as the Carl B. Stokes Federal Court House Tower, Federal Court House Tower, and the Stokes Tower. The 23-story building is 430 ft tall and is located at the corner of Huron Road and Superior Avenue. It is currently the fourth tallest United States courthouse in the country.

Title: Real estate technology

Real Estate Technology or Property Technology, often referred to as ("RE Tech") or ("Proptech"), is an economic industry composed of companies which use technology to make real estate transactions more efficient. Real estate technology is a sub-category under financial technology as real estate is an asset class which represents a significant investment. Besides for own stay, there are investors who generate income and capital gains by investing in different categories of Real Estate properties over time - They are broadly residential, commercial and industrial. Historically used as a more tactical investment or for providing portfolio alpha, real estate has been used as part of a long-term core strategy due to increased market efficiency and increasing concerns about the future long-term variability of stock and bond returns. In fact, real estate is known for its ability to serve as a portfolio diversifier and inflation hedge.

Title: Joshua Parlby

Joshua Parlby (born 1855 in Longton, Staffordshire) was an English football manager who managed Manchester City in the 1890s.

Title: 1996 FA Charity Shield

The 1996 FA Charity Shield (also known as the Littlewoods FA Charity Shield for sponsorship reasons) was the 74th FA Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Premier League and FA Cup competitions. The match was played on 11 August 1996 at Wembley Stadium and contested by Manchester United, who had won the Double of Premier League and FA Cup in 1995–96, and Newcastle United, who had finished as runners-up in the Premier League. Manchester United won the match 4–0 with goals from Eric Cantona, Nicky Butt, David Beckham and Roy Keane.

Title: Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex

The Sir Matt Busby Sports Complex is a public leisure centre located in Bellshill, North Lanarkshire, Scotland. It is named in honour of Sir Matt Busby, the football manager who was born in Bellshill in 1909, managed Manchester United from 1945 to 1969 and died in 1994.

Title: Ernest Mangnall

James Ernest Mangnall (4 January 1866 – 13 January 1932) was an English football manager who started his career with Burnley and managed Manchester United between 1903–1912 and then went on to manage Manchester City from 1912–1924, and is the only man to date to have managed both clubs.

Title: David Beckham Academy

The David Beckham Academy was a football school founded by England international David Beckham in 2005. In 2009 it operated in two locations: in London, United Kingdom, and in Los Angeles, California, United States. The academy pulled out of the London site at the end of the lease in October 2009, and the California branch closed soon after.

Title: 1995–96 Manchester United F.C. season

The 1995–96 season was Manchester United's fourth season in the Premier League, and their 21st consecutive season in the top division of English football. United finished the season by becoming the first English team to win the Double (league title and FA Cup) twice. Their triumph was made all the more remarkable by the fact that Alex Ferguson had sold experienced players Paul Ince, Mark Hughes and Andrei Kanchelskis before the start of the season, and not made any major signings. Instead, he had drafted in young players like Nicky Butt, David Beckham, Paul Scholes and the Neville brothers, Gary and Phil.

Title: The Class of '92

The Class of '92 is a 2013 British documentary film, released on 1 December 2013. The film centres on the rise of six young Manchester United footballers – David Beckham, Nicky Butt, Ryan Giggs, Gary Neville, Phil Neville and Paul Scholes – and details their careers for Manchester United starting in 1992.

Title: David Beckham's Soccer USA

David Beckham's Soccer USA was a football highlights and general discussion show presented by Tim Lovejoy and produced and broadcast in the United Kingdom by Five. The show began following David Beckham's move to Los Angeles Galaxy, and Beckham often contributes to the show in the form of Interviews. Each week there was a special guest in the studio, usually a British sports personality, to whom Lovejoy chatted about their career and their views on Major League Soccer. A slightly different version of the show hosted by Natalie Pinkham and completely devoid of any content derived from British studio footage was broadcast in the USA on Fox Soccer Channel.

Title: Matt Busby

Sir Alexander Matthew Busby, CBE, KCSG (26 May 1909 – 20 January 1994) was a Scottish football player and manager, who managed Manchester United between 1945 and 1969 and again for the second half of the 1970–71 season. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest managers of all time. His managerial records and longevity at the helm of Manchester United are surpassed only by Sir Alex Ferguson.

Title: Alex Ferguson

Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson, CBE (born 31 December 1941) is a Scottish former football manager and player who managed Manchester United from 1986 to 2013. He is regarded by many players, managers and analysts to be one of the greatest and most successful managers of all time.

Title: Fishing Lake

Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16, 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake, Saskatchewan, and 24 km east of the town of Wadena, Saskatchewan. The lake does not have an effective outlet channel, and so is prone to flooding. Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel. The Fishing Lake First Nation opposed this plan, and instead flood control berms were constructed.

Title: Osage State Fishing Lake

Osage State Fishing Lake is located in northern Osage County, Kansas. It is a mile east of US 75. Scranton, Kansas, is to the lake's northwest and Overbrook, Kansas, is to the northeast. Osage Lake is a freshwater man-made lake, constructed in 1955. It has a surface area of 140 acres, The parkland in which the lake is contained has 366 acreas of land, mostly tall grass prairie with numerous wooded areas. The lake is owned by the State of Kansas.

Title: Brown State Fishing Lake

Brown State Fishing Lake (sometimes also known as Brown State Fishing Lake And Wildlife Area) is a protected area in Brown County, Kansas in the United States. The lake is 62 acres (0.25 km²) in area and up to 13 feet (4 m) deep. The area was formerly known as Brown County State Park, and is 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha, Kansas.

Title: Neosho State Fishing Lake

Neosho State Fishing Lake, also known as Lake McKinley is located in the state of Kansas. Located 5 mi north on highway 59 and 4 mi east on 40th Rd from the city of Parsons, Kansas, USA. Construction of this lake was completed in 1927. The lake covers 92 acre of water. There are 124 public use acres surrounding the lake. Fishing, camping, and picnicking are popular activities. The park has a shelter house, fishing piers, picnic tables, barbecue grills, vault toilets and water hydrant. Below Lake McKinley dam is a catch and release youth fishing pond for anglers age 15 and under when with an accompanying adult. The lake is operated by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.

Title: Narrow Hills Provincial Park

Narrow Hills Provincial Park is provincial park in Saskatchewan, Canada. It contains a series of recreational facilities and a variety of lakes within its boundaries. These include the Gem Lakes, Lower Fishing Lake, Upper Fishing Lake and others.

Title: Shawnee State Fishing Lake

Shawnee State Fishing Lake is approximately eight miles northwest of Topeka, Kansas, and is in northern Shawnee County, Kansas. This lake is sometimes confused with Lake Shawnee, on the east side of Topeka. It is a 135 acre surface area lake with a maximum depth of 25 ft . This is a manmade freshwater lake, which was constructed in the late 1960s. The lake is widest at the dam, which is at the south end of the lake. It can be reached by a number of roads. The only asphalted road reaching it is on the southeast corner. To the north is 94th Street and on the west side is Humphrey Road.

Title: Higgins Lake, Michigan

Higgins Lake is a small unincorporated community along the southern and western shores of Higgins Lake, a recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan. Higgins Lake is the name of the post office for the area, with ZIP code 48627. This ZIP code includes several other small communities and locales along the shores of the lake, including (moving counter-clockwise around the lake) Hillcrest, Lyon Manor, Detroit Park, Cook Corner, Sharps Corner, Almeda Beach, Oak Grove, Ritz Corner, Pine Bluffs, and Cottage Grove. Since all have Higgins Lake as a postal address, they are often all considered as part of the Higgins Lake community. The lake is situated on the boundary between Lyon Township on the west and Gerrish Township on the east. US 127 passes on the west side of the lake while I-75 and M-18 both pass a few miles to the east. Houghton Lake is just a few miles to the south.

Title: Higgins Lake

Higgins Lake is a large recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County, in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 9,900 acre (40 km²) lake is known for its deep, clear waters and is the 10th largest in Michigan with a shoreline of 21 mi . It is named after Sylvester Higgins, the first chief of the topographical department of the Michigan Geological Survey. It has a maximum width of 4 mi and a length of 7 mi with a maximum depth of 135 ft . The mean depth is 44 ft and the lake contains almost 20 billion cubic feet (570 million m³) of water. Its retention time is about 12.5 years. The lake's watershed covers 19,000 acres (77 km²). The twin-lobed lake receives half of its water from submerged springs, six percent from incoming streams, and the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff. It drains into Marl Lake by the Cut River which runs into Houghton Lake and eventually to Lake Michigan. A mile north of the lake, water flows into the Lake Huron watershed.

Title: Commanda Lake

Commanda Lake (or Lake Commanda) is a lake in central Ontario, Canada. Located on the border between Patterson Township and Pringle Township, in the Almaguin Highlands region of the District of Parry Sound, it is fed by Gee Creek, Commanda Creek and Beaudry Creek and is drained by the Restoule River. The Lake is shaped like the number "3", its middle spur is called Deep Bay. The lake is home to one permanent island, located off a point in its east. This is a mud bottom lake and its water is "tea coloured." On the north shore of the lake is the community of Restoule, but cottages line many of the shore lines. Lots of crown land also surrounds the lake shore making it a very peaceful lake for people of all ages to enjoy. This lake has one public boat launch towards the southern end of the lake accessible on Commanda Lake Road. The lake is located at an altitude of 222 m (729 ft) above sea level. The lake is home to the Northern pike, Walleye, Smallmouth bass and Largemouth bass species of fish. Ice gets thick in the winter making this lake an all year round fishing lake.

Title: Brown County, Kansas

Brown County (county code BR) is a county located in the northeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2010 census, the county population was 9,984. Its county seat and most populous city is Hiawatha. Brown County is the location of the Kickapoo Indian Reservation of Kansas, the majority of the Sac and Fox Reservation and the majority of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.

Title: 2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2010–11 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont in the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts won their third consecutive America East Conference regular season Championship but lost in the semifinals of the conference tournament to Stony Brook. The Catamounts got invited to the National Invitation Tournament but lost in the first round to Cleveland State, 63–60.

Title: 2012–13 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2012–13 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by second year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 21–12, 11–5 in America East play to finish in a tie for second place. They advanced to the championship game of the America East Tournament where they lost to Albany. They were invited to the 2013 College Basketball Invitational where they lost in the first round to Santa Clara.

Title: 2013–14 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2013–14 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by third year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 22–11, 15–1 in America East play to win the America East regular season championship. They advanced to the semifinals of the America East Conference Tournament where they lost to Albany. As a regular season conference champion who failed to win their conference tournament, the received an automatic bid to the National Invitation Tournament where they lost in the first round to Georgia.

Title: America East Conference

The America East Conference is a collegiate athletic conference affiliated with the NCAA Division I, whose members are located mainly in the Northeastern United States. The conference was known as the Eastern College Athletic Conference-North from 1979 to 1988 and the North Atlantic Conference from 1988 to 1996.

Title: Vermont Catamounts men's soccer

The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team represents the University of Vermont in all NCAA Division I men's college soccer competitions. The team competes in the America East Conference.

Title: Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey

The Vermont Catamounts men's ice hockey team is a National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I college ice hockey program that represents the University of Vermont. The Catamounts are a member of Hockey East, joining in 2005 after competing in ECAC Hockey from 1974-2005. They play home games at Gutterson Fieldhouse in Burlington, Vermont. Vermont has appeared in the NCAA Men's Hockey Championship five times since making the move to Division I in 1974-75 including trips to the Frozen Four in 1996 and 2009.

Title: 2015–16 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2015–16 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by fifth year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and were members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 23–14, 11–5 in America East play to finish in a tie for third place. They Maine and New Hampshire to advance to the championship game of the America East Tournament where they lost to Stony Brook. They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they defeated Western Carolina and Seattle to advance to the seminfinals where they lost to Nevada.

Title: 2016–17 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2016–17 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by sixth-year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym in Burlington, Vermont and were members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 29–6, 16–0 in America East play to win the America East regular season championship. In the America East Tournament, they defeated Maine, New Hampshire and Albany to win the tournament championship. As a result, they received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament. As a No. 13 seed in the Midwest region, they lost to No. 4-seeded Purdue in the first round.

Title: 2011–12 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team

The 2011–12 Vermont Catamounts men's basketball team represented the University of Vermont during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by first year head coach John Becker, played their home games at Patrick Gym and are members of the America East Conference. They finished the season 24–12, 13–3 in America East play to finish in second place. They were champions of the America East Basketball Tournament and earned the conference's automatic bid into the 2012 NCAA Tournament. They defeated Lamar in the "First Four" round before falling to North Carolina in the second round.

Title: Vermont Catamounts men's basketball

The Vermont Catamounts Basketball team is the basketball team that represents the University of Vermont in Burlington, Vermont. The school's team currently competes in the America East Conference and plays its home games at Patrick Gym. The team has reached the NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament six times, in 2003, 2004, 2005, 2010, 2012, and 2017. UVM famously upset Syracuse University in the first round of the 2005 tournament. The Catamounts are coached by John Becker.

Title: Bernhard Bötel

Bernhard Bötel (1883–1953) was a German operatic tenor and actor who had an active career in Germany and Austria during the first half of the 20th century. He made recordings for several record labels during the early years of the recording industry, including His Master's Voice, Odeon Records, Polydor Records, Tri-Ergon, and Vox Records. On the stage he sang a variety of roles in operas and operettas from leading parts to comprimario roles. His stage repertoire included Belmonte in Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Die Entführung aus dem Serail", Chapelou in Adolphe Adam's "Le postillon de Lonjumeau", Count Almaviva in Gioachino Rossini's "The Barber of Seville", Daniel in Franz Lehár's "The Merry Widow", the Duke of Mantua in Giuseppe Verdi's "Rigoletto", Gabriel von Eisenstein in Johann Strauss II's "Die Fledermaus", Indigo in Strauss' "Indigo und die vierzig Räuber", Jeník in Bedřich Smetana's "The Bartered Bride", Paolino in Domenico Cimarosa's "Il matrimonio segreto", Pâris in Jacques Offenbach's "La belle Hélène", Pietro in Franz von Suppé's "Boccaccio", and Wilhelm Meister in Ambroise Thomas' "Mignon".

Title: Giuseppe Verdi (film)

Giuseppe Verdi is a 1938 Italian biographical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Fosco Giachetti, Gaby Morlay and Germana Paolieri. The film portrays the life of the composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813-1901). The casting of Giachetti as Verdi was intended to emphasise the composer's patriotism, as he had recently played patriotic roles in films such as "The White Squadron". The film was made at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome. The film is also known by the alternative title The Life of Giuseppe Verdi.

Title: Parma Airport

Parma Airport (Italian: "Aeroporto di Parma" , IATA: PMF, ICAO: LIMP ) is located 1.3 NM northwest of Parma, a city in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy. The airport was opened on 5 May 1991. It is also known as Giuseppe Verdi Airport or Parma "Giuseppe Verdi" Airport, named after Giuseppe Verdi.

Title: Giuseppe Verdi

Giuseppe Fortunino Francesco Verdi (] ; 9 or 10 October 1813 – 27 January 1901) was an Italian opera composer.

Title: Teatro Giuseppe Verdi

Teatro Giuseppe Verdi (the Giuseppe Verdi Theatre) is a small opera house located in a wing of the Rocca dei Marchesi Pallavicino on the Piazza Giuseppe Verdi in Busseto, Italy, a town closely associated with the life of the opera composer, Giuseppe Verdi. From the 13th century, the “rocca” or “fortress” was the family’s palace; it is now the city hall after being acquired by the municipality in 1856. The theatre opened on 15 August 1868 and seats 300.

Title: Ambroise Thomas

Charles Louis Ambroise Thomas (5 August 1811 – 12 February 1896) was a French composer, best known for his operas "Mignon" (1866) and "Hamlet" (1868, after Shakespeare) and as Director of the Conservatoire de Paris from 1871 till his death.

Title: Armand Castelmary

Armand Castelmary, real name Comte Armand de Castan, born Toulouse 16 August 1834, died New York City 10 February 1897, was a French operatic bass. He created roles in three major premieres at the Paris Opera – Don Diego in "L'Africaine" by Meyerbeer (1865), the Monk in Verdi's "Don Carlos" (1867), and Horatio in Ambroise Thomas's "Hamlet" (1868). Castelmary also appeared at opera houses in England and the United States, and died onstage at the Metropolitan Opera House, New York, during a performance of "Martha" by Friedrich von Flotow.

Title: Ferdinando Provesi

Ferdinando Angelo Maria Provesi (1770 – 1833) was a native of Parma, Italy. He was regarded as one of the greatest Italian opera composers of the era . Provesi is best known as being an early tutor of Giuseppe Verdi when he was the "Maestro di cappella" (master of music) at the St. Bartolomeo cathedral in Busseto (the town very close to Le Roncole, the village where Verdi was born.) Provesi was also director of the municipal music school and local Philharmonic Society. He began teaching Verdi in 1824 when the future composer was 11 years old.

Title: List of major opera composers

This list provides a guide to opera composers, as determined by their presence on a majority of compiled lists of significant opera composers. (See the "Lists Consulted" section for full details.) The composers run from Jacopo Peri, who wrote the first ever opera in late 16th century Italy, to John Adams, one of the leading figures in the contemporary operatic world. The brief accompanying notes offer an explanation as to why each composer has been considered major. Also included is a section about major women opera composers, compiled from the same lists. For an introduction to operatic history, see opera. The organisation of the list is by birthdate.

Title: Verdi, the King of Melody

Giuseppe Verdi, released theatrically in the USA as The Life and Music of Giuseppe Verdi and on video as Verdi, the King of Melody, is a 1953 Italian biographical film starring Pierre Cressoy and directed by Raffaello Matarazzo. It is based on adult life events of the composer Giuseppe Verdi. The film was a commercial success, grossing over 957 million lire at the Italian box office.

Title: United States Assistant Secretary of State

Assistant Secretary of State (A/S) is a title used for many executive positions in the United States Department of State, ranking below the Under Secretaries. A set of six Assistant Secretaries reporting to the Under Secretary for Political Affairs manage diplomatic missions within their designated geographic regions, plus one Assistant Secretary dealing with international organizations. Assistant Secretaries usually manage individual bureaus of the Department of State. When the manager of a bureau or another agency holds a title other than Assistant Secretary, such as "Director," it can be said to be of "Assistant Secretary equivalent rank." Assistant Secretaries typically have a set of deputies, referred to as Deputy Assistant Secretaries (DAS).

Title: Douglas J. Bennet

Douglas Joseph “Doug” Bennet, Jr. (born June 23, 1938) is a former national political official and college president. He was the fifteenth president of Wesleyan University, in Middletown, Connecticut, from 1995 to 2007. Before that, he served as Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs in the Clinton Administration (1993–95) and Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs in the Carter administration (1977–79), was the President and CEO of National Public Radio (1983–93), and ran the U.S. Agency for International Development under President Carter (1979–81).

Title: Richard Nixon

Richard Milhous Nixon (January 9, 1913 – April 22, 1994) was the 37th President of the United States from 1969 until 1974, when he resigned from office, the only U.S. president to do so. He had previously served as the 36th Vice President of the United States from 1953 to 1961, and prior to that as a U.S. Representative and also Senator from California.

Title: Steven K. Galson

Steven Kenneth Galson (born 1956) is an American public health physician. He is currently Senior Vice President for Global Regulatory Affairs at Amgen, the S. California-based innovative global biopharmaceutical company. He is also Professor-at-Large at the Keck Graduate Institute for Applied Life Sciences in Clarmont, California. He is a retired rear admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and public health administrator who served as the acting Surgeon General of the United States from October 1, 2007 – October 1, 2009. He served concurrently as acting Assistant Secretary for Health from January 22, 2009 to June 25, 2009, and as the Deputy Director and Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) at the Food and Drug Administration from 2001 to 2007. As the Acting Surgeon General, he was the commander of the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps and, while serving as the Assistant Secretary for Health, was the operational head of the Public Health Service.

Title: Robert R. Hood

Robert R. Hood is an American government official who currently serves as Assistant Secretary of Defense for Legislative Affairs. Hood was previously vice president for government affairs for CH2M. Past roles with the federal government include a role at the White House as Special Assistant to the President in the Office of Legislative Affairs and posts at the United States Department of Defense as principal deputy assistant secretary for legislative affairs and as deputy under secretary of defense for budget and appropriations affairs. Hood was also the director of congressional affairs at the National Nuclear Security Administration.

Title: Robert Hormats

Robert D. "Bob" Hormats (born April 13, 1943, in Baltimore, Maryland) is Vice Chairman of Kissinger Associates. Immediately prior he served as Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment (at the time, entitled Under Secretary of State for Economic, Business, and Agricultural Affairs) from 2009 to 2013. Hormats was formerly Vice Chairman of Goldman Sachs (International), which he joined in 1982. He served as Senior Deputy Assistant Secretary, from 1977 to 1979, and Assistant Secretary of State, from 1981 to 1982, at the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs (formerly Bureau of Economic, Energy, and Business Affairs). He was Ambassador and Deputy U.S. Trade Representative from 1979 to 1981. He served as a senior staff member for International Economic Affairs on the United States National Security Council from 1969 to 1977, where he was senior economic adviser to Henry Kissinger, General Brent Scowcroft and Zbigniew Brzezinski. He helped to manage the Nixon administration's opening of diplomatic relations with China's communist government. He was a recipient of the French Legion of Honor in 1982 and the Arthur S. Flemming Award in 1974.

Title: Bradford P. Campbell

Bradford P. Campbell was the Assistant Secretary for Employee Benefits Security of the United States Department of Labor (DOL), the official in charge of the Employee Benefits Security Administration (EBSA). Mr. Campbell was nominated by President George W. Bush as Assistant Secretary on May 3, 2007, and was unanimously confirmed by the United States Senate on August 3, 2007. He held the position until January 20, 2009. Prior to his confirmation as Assistant Secretary, Mr. Campbell had served as Acting Assistant Secretary since October 30, 2006 and as EBSA's Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy since March 5, 2004.

Title: Office of Population Affairs

The Office of Population Affairs (OPA), a part of the United States Department of Health and Human Services within the Office of Public Health and Science, serves as the focal point to advise the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for Health on a wide range of reproductive health topics, including adolescent pregnancy, family planning, and sterilization, as well as other population issues. Created by an Act of Congress in 1970 (Public Law 91-572, 84 Stat. 1504, Dec. 24. 1970), the Office of Population Affairs, under the direction of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Population Affairs (DASPA), has three component offices responsible for the oversight of program functions: Office of Family Planning, Office of Adolescent Pregnancy Programs, and Office of Research and Evaluation.

Title: Roger O. Egeberg

Roger Olaf Egeberg, M.D. (13 November 1902 – 13 September 1997 Washington, D.C.) was an American medical educator, administrator and advocate of public health. He was General Douglas MacArthur's personal physician during World War II in the Pacific theater. His other roles included Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) during the Nixon administration and Dean of the University of Southern California's medical school.

Title: Edward D. Martin

Rear Admiral Edward Dana Martin (MD) is the former Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs). He was appointed to two terms, originally in 1993 and once again in 1997. Martin served as the Secretary's principal advisor on matters related to the military health system, health.mil. The Military Health System (MHS) mission is to provide optimal Health Services in support of the United States' military mission. The MHS is a unique partnership of medical educators, medical researchers, and healthcare providers and their support personnel worldwide. This DoD enterprise consists of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs); the medical departments of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Joint Chiefs of Staff; the Combatant Command surgeons; and TRICARE providers (including private sector healthcare providers, hospitals and pharmacies).

Title: Asgard (yacht)

Asgard is a 51 ft gaff rigged yacht. She was owned by the English-born writer and Irish nationalist Erskine Childers and his wife Molly Childers. She is most noted for her use in the Howth gun-running of 1914.

Title: Henry Roth

Henry Roth (February 8, 1906 – October 13, 1995) was an American novelist and short story writer.

Title: R509 road (Ireland)

The R509 road, following part of the Childers Road (named after Erskine Childers), is a regional road in Ireland, running through the southeastern side of Limerick City. It forms what is somewhat akin to an inner ring road (albeit mostly two-lane only).

Title: Molly Childers

Mary Alden Osgood Childers, MBE (14 December 1875 – 1 January 1964) was an American-born Irish writer and Irish nationalist. She was the daughter of Dr Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood of Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts. Her older sister was Gretchen Osgood Warren. Molly married the writer and Irish nationalist, Robert Erskine Childers. Their son, Erskine Hamilton Childers, became the fourth President of Ireland.

Title: Gretchen Osgood Warren

Gretchen Osgood Warren (19 March 1868 – September 1961), the wife of Fiske Warren, was an actress, singer and poet. The daughter of Dr. Hamilton Osgood and Margaret Cushing Osgood of Beacon Hill, Boston, Massachusetts, her younger sister was Mary Alden Childers, the wife of writer and Irish nationalist Robert Erskine Childers. Her nephew Erskine Hamilton Childers served as the fourth President of Ireland from 1973-74.

Title: Robert Caesar Childers

Robert Caesar Childers (1838 – 25 July 1876) was a British Orientalist scholar, compiler of the first Pāli-English dictionary. Childers was the husband of Anna Barton of Ireland. He was the father of Irish nationalist Robert Erskine Childers and grandfather to the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.

Title: Robert Erskine Childers

Robert Erskine Childers DSC (25 June 1870 – 24 November 1922), universally known as Erskine Childers, was a British writer, whose works included the influential novel "The Riddle of the Sands", and a Fenian revolutionary who smuggled guns to Ireland in his sailing yacht "Asgard". He was executed by the authorities of the nascent Irish Free State during the Irish Civil War. He was the son of British Orientalist scholar Robert Caesar Childers; the cousin of Hugh Childers and Robert Barton; and the father of the fourth President of Ireland, Erskine Hamilton Childers.

Title: Irish Bulletin

The Irish Bulletin was the official gazette of the government of the Irish Republic. It was produced by the Department of Propaganda during the Irish War of Independence. and its offices were originally located at No. 6 Harcourt Street, Dublin. The paper's first editor was Desmond FitzGerald, until his arrest and replacement by Robert Erskine Childers. "The Bulletin" appeared in weekly editions from 11 November 1919 to 11 July 1921.

Title: Erskine Barton Childers

Erskine Barton Childers (11 March 1929 – 25 August 1996) was an Irish writer, BBC correspondent and United Nations senior civil servant. He was the eldest son of Erskine Hamilton Childers (Ireland's fourth President) and Ruth Ellen Dow Childers. His grandparents Mary Alden Childers and Robert Erskine Childers and the latter's double first cousin Robert Barton were all Irish nationalists involved heavily with the negotiation of Irish independence; which ultimately led to his grandfather's execution during the Irish Civil War. His great aunt was Gretchen Osgood Warren.

Title: Robert Barton

Robert Childers Barton (4 March 1881 – 10 August 1975) was an Irish nationalist, politician and farmer who participated in the negotiations leading up to the signature of the Anglo-Irish Treaty. His father was Charles William Barton and his mother was Agnes Childers. His wife was Rachel Warren of Boston, daughter of Fiske Warren. His double first cousin and close friend was Robert Erskine Childers.

Title: 2009 Singapore Grand Prix

The 2009 Singapore Grand Prix (formally the 2009 Formula 1 SingTel Singapore Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held at the Marina Bay Street Circuit in Singapore on 27 September 2009. The 61-lap race was the fourteenth round of the 2009 Formula One season. It was the second Singapore Grand Prix to be part of a Formula One Championship and the tenth Singapore Grand Prix overall. It was also the second Formula One race to be held at night. The race was won by McLaren-Mercedes driver and reigning World Champion Lewis Hamilton. Toyota's Timo Glock finished second and 2008 race winner Fernando Alonso took third position, making this the only race of the season with neither a Brawn nor a Red Bull driver on the podium. This was also the last race of 2009 for Glock, as he was injured during qualifying for the Japanese Grand Prix and was replaced by test driver Kamui Kobayashi. Heikki Kovalainen scored his last ever World Championship points at this race.

Title: Catharina Felser

Catharina Felser (born October 2, 1982) is a German race car driver born in Siegburg, North Rhine-Westphalia. Catharina started her career in karting during 1997, moving up to Austrian Formula Ford in 2000. Her performances there resulted in one race in German Formula Ford, also during 2000. In 2001, she competed in German Formula BMW.

Title: Michael James Lewis

Michael James Lewis is an American race car driver born on December 24, 1990 in Laguna Beach, California to parents Steve Lewis (Owner of the famed Nine Racing Midget Team & former owner of Performance Racing Industry) and Loretta Lewis. As a young, up-and-coming Race Car Driver, Michael has competed in a diverse number of racing vehicles including Formula 3, Formula BMW, Ford Focus Midgets, Touring Cars, Late Model Stock Cars, Quarter Midgets, & Go-Karts. Michael also officially tested a Formula One car for Scuderia Ferrari F1 in the F60 chassis on November 15, 2011 (as a result from his accomplishments in Formula 3 Italia). Michael's passion for racing is paramount and he enjoys every aspect of his racing career. The Laguna Beach, California native is known for his professionalism, work ethic, and he lives every day for motorsport.

Title: Sergio Pérez

Sergio Pérez Mendoza (    ; born 26 January 1990) also known as "Checo" Pérez, is a Mexican racing driver, currently driving for Force India.

Title: Eduardo Troconis

Eduardo Troconis (born in Veracruz, Veracruz) is a Mexican race car driver. He is a two-time Mexican Formula Three International champion and a Rookie of the Year Award winner in the Indy Lights de las Americas and Formula Vee Series. Troconis has also competed in the NASCAR Toyota Series and Desafío Corona Series.

Title: Mike Shank

Mike Shank (born September 22, 1966) is an American race car team owner and former race car driver born in Columbus, Ohio. Before leaving driving to concentrate on car ownership, he ran one race in the 1996–97 Indy Racing League season, the 1997 Las Vegas 500K at Las Vegas Motor Speedway. He started racing in 1989, winning SCCA Ohio Valley Region's Novice Driver of the Year. He also won the 1996 Player’s/Toyota Atlantic C2 championship.

Title: Force India VJM04

The Force India VJM04 is a Formula One racing car developed by Force India for the 2011 Formula One season, the fourth car the team has made since entering the sport in 2008. The car was driven by long-time Force India driver Adrian Sutil and 2010 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters champion Paul di Resta. The car was launched online on 8 February 2011.

Title: Tony Ave

Tony Ave (born November 10, 1968) is a championship race car driver born in Hurley, Wisconsin, U.S.. He competed in the Grand-Am Series from 2000 until 2002, in Formula Atlantic from 1996 until 2001, and in the Trans-Am in 2002. He also made three Indy Lights starts in 1993 and one Indy Pro Series start in 2003. In 2004, Ave raced one race in the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series at Watkins Glen finishing 31st.

Title: Formula One drivers from Mexico

There have been six Formula One drivers from Mexico who have taken part in races since the championship began in 1950. Pedro Rodríguez is the most successful Mexican driver being the only one to have won a grand prix. Sergio Pérez, the only other Mexican to finish on the podium, currently races with Sahara Force India F1 Team .

Title: 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix

The 2014 Bahrain Grand Prix (formally the 2014 Formula 1 Gulf Air Bahrain Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 6 April at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain. It was the third round of the 2014 Formula One season, the 900th Formula One World Championship event, and the eleventh running of the race. The 57-lap race was won by Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton who started from second position. His teammate Nico Rosberg finished second and Force India driver Sergio Pérez came in third. It was Hamilton's second victory of the season, his first in Bahrain, and the 24th of his Formula One career.

Title: Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!

"Hip Hip Pooh-Ray!" is a song from the 1968 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". It is sung by the cast as a release from the dramatic tension of the story. The song is also incorporated into (and used as the promotional tagline for) the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day". In the song, Pooh and Piglet are hailed as heroes (Pooh for saving Piglet's life, and Piglet for giving Owl his grand home in the beech tree).

Title: Heffalumps and Woozles

"Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song from the 1968 Walt Disney musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". It was written by the Sherman Brothers, and performed by The Mellomen. It is also in the 1977 full-length feature film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".

Title: The House That Jack Built (1967 film)

The House That Jack Built is a 1967 National Film Board of Canada animated short based on the nursery rhyme "This Is the House That Jack Built." Directed by Ron Tunis, written by and produced by Wolf Koenig, the eight-minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film, losing to "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day" at the 41st Academy Awards. Jack is desperate to escape his nine-to-five life. Mirroring the fairy tale, he trades his car for a handful of beans.

Title: Kate Higgins

Catherine Davis "Kate" Higgins (born August 16, 1969 in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S.), also known as Kate Davis, is an American voice actress, singer and jazz pianist. Her major voice roles have been in English-language adaptations of Japanese anime, and is best known as the voice of Sakura Haruno in "Naruto". She has also voiced C.C. in "Code Geass" and Saber in the original "Fate/stay Night". In 2010, she voiced Miles "Tails" Prower in the video game series "Sonic the Hedgehog". She also voices Kate, Stinky and Lilly in the "Alpha and Omega" sequels. In 2014, She became the voice of Ami Mizuno / Sailor Mercury in the Viz English dub of "Sailor Moon".

Title: The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers

"The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" is the theme song and personal anthem of Tigger, a fictional tiger from the children's book series Winnie-the-Pooh. Although Tigger's birthday is believed to be in October 1928, the year that "The House at Pooh Corner" was first published, on Tigger-related merchandise, Disney often indicates Tigger's birth year as 1968, a reference to the first year that Tigger appeared in a Disney production, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". That was also the same instance when Tigger first sang this song. The song is repeated in Disney's 1974 release "Winnie the Pooh and Tigger Too! ", The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh ride and then again in the 1977 release "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". "The Wonderful Thing About Tiggers" opens up the 2000 release of "The Tigger Movie". In 1974, Paul Winchell earned a Grammy for his rendition of the song.

Title: Jim Cummings

James Jonah Cummings (born November 3, 1952) is an American voice actor and singer, who has appeared in almost 400 roles. He is known for voicing the title character from "Darkwing Duck", Dr. Robotnik from "Sonic the Hedgehog", and Pete. His other characters include Winnie the Pooh, Tigger, and the Tasmanian Devil. He has performed in numerous Disney and DreamWorks animations including "Aladdin", "The Lion King", "Balto", "Antz", "The Road to El Dorado", "Shrek", and "The Princess and the Frog". He has also provided voice-over work for video games, such as "Icewind Dale", "Fallout", "", "Baldur's Gate", "Mass Effect 2", "", "", "", and "Splatterhouse".

Title: The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down

"The Rain Rain Rain Came Down Down Down" is a narrative song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". The song is also incorporated into the 1977 musical film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of three Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Blustery Day". The song was written by the Sherman Brothers who have written most of the music for the Winnie-the-Pooh franchise over the many years. It was sung by an unidentified off-screen chorus with occasional lines sung by veteran character actor Sterling Holloway who provided the voice of Pooh.

Title: Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day

Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day is a 1968 animated featurette based on the third, fifth, ninth, and tenth chapters from "Winnie-the-Pooh" and the second, eighth, and ninth chapters from "The House at Pooh Corner" by A. A. Milne. The featurette was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by Buena Vista Distribution Company on December 20, 1968 as a double feature with "The Horse in the Gray Flannel Suit". This was the second of the studio's Winnie the Pooh shorts. It was later added as a segment to the 1977 film "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh". The music was written by Richard M. Sherman and Robert B. Sherman. It was notable for being the last animated short produced by Walt Disney, who died during its production.

Title: A Rather Blustery Day

"A Rather Blustery Day" is a whimsical song from the Walt Disney musical film featurette, "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". It was written by Robert & Richard Sherman and sung by Jim Cummings as "Pooh".

Title: Little Black Rain Cloud

"Little Black Rain Cloud" is a song from the 1966 musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree". An instrumental version is played in the next featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day". The song was also subsequently incorporated into the 1977 musical film, "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" which is an amalgamation of the three previous Winnie-the-Pooh featurettes including "Honey Tree". In the song Winnie the Pooh comments about the on-screen actions where he is pretending to be a "Little Black Rain Cloud", as the title implies. It's Pooh's hope that the Honey Bees will not notice him as he approaches their coveted honey.

Title: Universal remote

A universal remote is a remote control that can be programmed to operate various brands of one or more types of consumer electronics devices. Low-end universal remotes can only control a set number of devices determined by their manufacturer, while mid- and high-end universal remotes allow the user to program in new control codes to the remote. Many remotes sold with various electronic include universal remote capabilities for other types of devices, which allow the remote to control other devices beyond the device it came with. For example, a VCR remote may be programmed to operate various brands of televisions.

Title: Remote control

In electronics, a remote control is a component of an electronic device used to operate the device wirelessly from a distance. For example, in consumer electronics, a remote control can be used to operate devices such as a television set, DVD player, or other home appliance, from a short distance. A remote control is primarily a convenience feature for the user, and can allow operation of devices that are out of convenient reach for direct operation of controls. In some cases, remote controls allow a person to operate a device that they otherwise would not be able to reach, as when a garage door opener is triggered from outside or when a Digital Light Processing projector that is mounted on a high ceiling is controlled by a person from the floor level.

Title: Apple Remote

The Apple Remote is a remote control device released in or after October 2005 by Apple Inc. for use with a number of its products which use infrared capabilities. The device was originally designed to interact with the Front Row media program on the iSight iMac G5 and is compatible with some later desktop and portable Macintosh computers. The first three generations of Apple TV used the Apple Remote as their primary control mechanism. It has now been replaced with the Siri Remote in the fourth generation. Prior to the Apple Remote, Apple produced several nameless IR remotes for products such as the Macintosh TV, TV tuner expansion boards, and the PowerCD drive.

Title: Siri Remote

The Siri Remote is a remote control device released in tandem with the 4th Generation Apple TV at an Apple Keynote Address by CEO Tim Cook on October 26, 2015 by Apple Inc. The Remote is designed specifically to work with the always-on Siri capable Apple TV. The device is a successor of the original Apple Remote. It is also compatible with the Apple TV 4K.

Title: NetSupport Manager

NetSupport Manager is a Windows-centric cross-platform remote control software, allowing remote screen control and systems management from a Windows or Windows Mobile device of Windows, Mac, Linux, Solaris and Mobile devices. It was first released for DOS only networks in 1989. It supports thumbnail display of unlimited remote systems (since version 10), and allows navigation between remote systems in a manner similar to a KVM switch. Functionality includes file transfers, chat, and hardware/software inventory including software updates. Fewer features are supported for Linux and Mac clients. In 2012 NetSupport introduced new software versions allowing Remote Control from iOS and Android tablets and smartphones as well as a new Mac OS Control. Version 12 was released in October 2013, which extended platform support to include ChromeOS clients. Mobile Remote Control from iOS and Android was also extended with additional capabilities. All versions of NetSupport Manager require the pre-installation of the software on both the local (Control) and remote (Client) computers/devices prior to use.

Title: Front Row (software)

Front Row is a discontinued media center software application for Apple's Macintosh computers and Apple TV for navigating and viewing video, photos, podcasts, and music from a computer, optical disc, or the Internet through a 10-foot user interface (similar to Windows Media Center and Kodi). The software relies on iTunes and iPhoto and is controlled by an Apple Remote or the keyboard function keys. The first version was released October 2005, with two major revisions since. Front Row was removed and discontinued in Mac OS X 10.7.

Title: Apple Watch

Apple Watch (stylized as WATCH) is a line of smartwatches developed, designed, and marketed by Apple Inc. It incorporates fitness tracking and health-oriented capabilities with integration with iOS and other Apple products and services. The original generation of the device was available in four variants: Apple Watch Sport, Apple Watch, Apple Watch Hermès, and Apple Watch Edition; each distinguished by different combinations of cases and first- or third-party interchangeable bands. Apple Watch relies on a wirelessly connected iPhone to perform many of its default functions such as calling and texting. It is compatible with the iPhone 5 or later models running iOS 8.2 or later, through the use of Wi-Fi or Bluetooth. Announced by Apple CEO Tim Cook in September 2014, the device was released in April 24, 2015. The Apple Watch quickly became the best-selling wearable device with the supply of 4.2 million smartwatches in the second quarter of the 2015 fiscal year. The second generation of Apple Watch, released in September 2016, includes two tiers: Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 1, which includes the S1P chip, but is otherwise identical to the original. The Series 3 was announced at a presentation at Apple Park on September 12, 2017 and was released on September 22, 2017.

Title: MacScan

MacScan is an anti-malware utility for Apple's Mac OS X developed by SecureMac. It is aimed at removing malware (including spyware, Trojan horses, keystroke loggers, and tracking cookies). It was the first anti-spyware program released for Mac OS X. In addition, the application scans for remote administration programs, like Apple Remote Desktop, allowing users to verify that such programs are installed only with their authorization.

Title: Trainmaster Command Control

Trainmaster Command (TMCC) is Lionel's electronic control system for O scale 3-rail model trains and toy trains that mainly ran from 1994 to 2006. Conceptually it is similar to Digital Command Control (DCC), the industry's open standard used by HO scale and other 2-rail DC trains. It has one advantage over DCC, in that TMCC-equipped locomotives can run simultaneously with non-TMCC locomotives and Lionel Legacy engines as well as LionChief and LionChief Plus equipped locomotives. The latter require a dedicated remote controller. MTH Corporation's DCS controller can be configured to control TMCC locomotives, and all four systems (TMCC, Legacy, LionChief/LionChief+ and DCS) can be operated on the same track simultaneously. Each simply requires a constant track voltage (18 volts). TMCC/Legacy "broadcasts" it's signal to the antenna on the locomotives which listen for signals that first identify the particular locomotive by number and then it issues given commands as to speed, direction, sounds, lighting and other features. DCS performs similar functions but transmits a carrier over the rails which are picked up through the locomotive's electrical pickup contacts. While TMCC/Legacy and DCS remote controls relay operator commands to a device that transmits them to the train (Command Base or Track Interface Unit), LionChief/LionChief+ also issue remote control commands but the remote and locomotive are married and each locomotive requires a separate remote control. This system requires no additional wiring as the control is directly "narrowcast" to the locomotive in the same way as a television remote control or garage door opener functions. In 2017, Lionel released a universal remote for LionChief+ that will learn addresses for up to three locos at a time, simplifying the operation of multiple trains.

Title: Apple Remote Desktop

Apple Remote Desktop (ARD) is a Macintosh application produced by Apple Inc., first released on March 14, 2002, that replaced a similar product called "Apple Network Assistant". Aimed at computer administrators responsible for large numbers of computers and teachers who need to assist individuals or perform group demonstrations, Apple Remote Desktop allows users to remotely control or monitor other computers over a network.

Title: Wolf Alice

Wolf Alice are a four-piece alternative rock band from North London, formed initially as a two-person band in 2010. Its members since 2012 are Ellie Rowsell (vocals, guitar), Joff Oddie (guitars, vocals), Theo Ellis (bass), and Joel Amey (drums, vocals).

Title: Tom Rothrock

Tom Rothrock is an international record producer, composer, musician and owner of Bong Load Records. Tom Rothrock has worked with James Blunt, Foo Fighters, Moby, Beck, Badly Drawn Boy, R. L. Burnside, Athlete, Sloan, Gwen Stefani, Motörhead, Elbow, Stevie Nicks, Poison, Elliott Smith, Richard Thompson, Yonder Mountain String Band. Rothrock has also composed or contributed to soundtracks for notable motion pictures such as "About A Boy", "Good Will Hunting", "Collateral" and "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie".

Title: Badly Drawn Boy discography

The discography of English alternative music singer/songwriter Badly Drawn Boy (real name Damon Gough) includes eight studio albums (including two soundtracks), one compilation, six extended plays and twenty-one singles. The first EP and several singles were released on Gough's own label "Twisted Nerve", which he started with like-minded Manchester musician Andy Votel. Badly Drawn Boy rose in popularity in 1997 when he joined the likes of Thom Yorke, Richard Ashcroft, and Mike D on the celebrity-filled UNKLE album "Psyence Fiction". Due to the mild UK chart success of the 1999 single "Once Around the Block", XL Recordings signed up Badly Drawn Boy to release the debut album "The Hour of Bewilderbeast" in 2000. The album won critical praise and Britain's acclaimed Mercury Prize for Best Album. The album caught the attention of author Nick Hornby who then asked Gough to score the film being made for his book "About a Boy".

Title: Something to Talk About (Badly Drawn Boy song)

"Something to Talk About" is a song by British musical artist Badly Drawn Boy from About a Boy. It was released as a single on 30 July 2002. It peaked at number 28 on the UK Singles Chart.

Title: About a Boy (film)

About a Boy is a 2002 British-American-French comedy-drama film produced by Jane Rosenthal, Robert De Niro, Brad Epstein, Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner, co-written and directed by brothers Chris Weitz and Paul Weitz with music by Badly Drawn Boy and written by Peter Hedges. It is an adaptation of the 1998 novel of the same name by Nick Hornby. The film stars are Hugh Grant, Nicholas Hoult, Toni Collette, and Rachel Weisz. The film at times uses double voice-over narration, when the audience hears both Will's and Marcus's thoughts.

Title: Silent Sigh

"Silent Sigh" is a single by British musical artist Badly Drawn Boy from the soundtrack to the film "About a Boy". It reached number 16 in the UK Singles Chart.

Title: Badly Drawn Boy

Damon Michael Gough (born 2 October 1969, in Dunstable, Bedfordshire), known by the stage name Badly Drawn Boy, is an English indie singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.

Title: The Hour of Bewilderbeast

The Hour of Bewilderbeast is the debut studio album by British musician Badly Drawn Boy, released on 26 June 2000. Damon Gough, who performs as Badly Drawn Boy, wrote, produced, and played several instruments on the album's eighteen tracks, several of which also feature accompaniment by members of the British indie rock bands Alfie and Doves. "The Hour of Bewilderbeast" was released to great critical acclaim and went on to win the 2000 Mercury Prize, and has sold 455,000 copies in the United Kingdom as of September 2011.

Title: About a Boy (soundtrack)

About a Boy is the second album by English singer-songwriter Badly Drawn Boy, released in 2002 under Twisted Nerve Records and XL Recordings, and in America under the short-lived ARTISTdirect Records, as the soundtrack to the film "About a Boy". Gough was chosen to compose and perform the entire soundtrack.

Title: Under an Hour

Under an Hour is the second full-length album from Portland-based experimental pop/rock group Menomena. The album was originally composed and performed as accompaniment for a performance by Portland dance company Monster Squad. Consisting of three instrumental tracks, the album is considered to be an experimental soundtrack along the lines of Peter Gabriel's or Badly Drawn Boy's soundtrack for "About a Boy".

Title: Gus Williams (musician)

Kasper Gus Ntjalka Williams OAM, known as Gus Williams (20 June 1937 – 13 September 2010) was a country singer from Hermannsburg in Central Australia. He was an Arrernte man, who was born in Alice Springs. He was the father of country star Warren H Williams.

Title: Kasper Hvidt

Kasper Hvidt (born 6 February 1976 in Copenhagen) is a Danish retired handball goalkeeper, who lastly played for KIF Kolding and previous Danish national team. He was selected as the best keeper for the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship. Hvidt was also voted as Goalkeeper of the Year March 20, 2009, second place was Thierry Omeyer from France.

Title: Peter Schmeichel

Peter Bolesław Schmeichel MBE (] ; born 18 November 1963) is a Danish former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and was voted the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper in 1992 and 1993. He is best remembered for his most successful years at English club Manchester United, whom he captained to the 1999 UEFA Champions League to complete the Treble, and for winning UEFA Euro 1992 with Denmark.

Title: Sommeren '92

Summer of '92 (Sommeren '92) is a Danish film directed by Kasper Barfoed. The film is based on the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship, Denmark's greatest ever football triumph. The team had qualified only after Yugoslavia was disqualified as a result of the breakup and warfare in that country. The film examines the often difficult relationship between the team's coach Richard Møller Nielsen, and the Danish Football Association and leading players that nonetheless led to triumph in 1992.

Title: Pelé

Edson Arantes do Nascimento (] ; born 23 October 1940), known as Pelé (] ), is a retired Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward. He is widely regarded as the greatest football player of all time. In 1999, he was voted World Player of the Century by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS). That same year, Pelé was elected Athlete of the Century by the International Olympic Committee. According to the IFFHS, Pelé is the most successful league goal-scorer in the world, scoring 1281 goals in 1363 games, which included unofficial friendlies and tour games. During his playing days, Pelé was for a period the best-paid athlete in the world.

Title: IFFHS World's Best Club Coach

The IFFHS World's Best Club Coach is an association football award given annually, since 1996, to the most outstanding club coach as voted by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS). The votes, in 1996, were cast by IFFHS's editorial staff as well as experts from 89 countries spanning six different continents. Since then, the votes are now awarded by 81 experts and selected editorial offices from all of the continents.

Title: IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper

The IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper is a football award given annually since 1987 to the most outstanding goalkeeper of the year as voted by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS). The votes are cast by IFFHS's editorial staff as well as experts from different continents. currently the worlds best goalkeeper from 2013-2016 is Manuel Neuer.

Title: Isaak Hassler

Isaak Hassler (c. 1530, St. Joachimsthal – 14 July 1591, Nuremberg) was a German Lutheran organist and music teacher, mainly active in Nuremberg. He is also notable as the father of the musicians Jakob Hassler, Hans Leo Hassler and Kasper Hassler.

Title: Kasper Schmeichel

Kasper Peter Schmeichel (] ; born 5 November 1986) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Premier League club Leicester City and the Denmark national team. He is the son of former Manchester United and Danish international goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel.

Title: Goštautai

Goštautai (Lithuanian plural form), masculine Goštautas and feminine form Goštautaitė ("Polish" original, after Kasper Niesiecki - Gastoldowie, later transformed into Gasztołdowie) were a Lithuanian noble family, one of the most influential magnate families during the 15th and early 16th centuries. Their only serious rivals were the Kęsgailos, and from the end of the 15th century the fast rising in power and influence Radziwiłł family clan. It appears from the Latin original spelling of their name Gastoldus which is a variation of "castaldius" that they had been close to the Grand Dukes and that their function was to oversee ducal demesne. Most power family gained during the reign of Casimir Jagiellon. The castaldius of Vytautas, Andrius Goštautas might have been a voivode of Vilnius and Kreva, and father of Jonas, appears to have been the precursor of the family growth. The majority of the family's possessions (lands) were in the western part of the Duchy and eastern ethnic Lithuania. After the death of the last scion of the family, Stanislovas Goštautas, the Polish King and Grand Duke of Lithuania Sigismund II Augustus inherited his possessions as a matter of right, per Grand Duchy of Lithuania law.

Title: Nancy Sinatra

Nancy Sandra Sinatra (born June 8, 1940) is an American singer and actress. She is the elder daughter of Frank Sinatra and Nancy (Barbato) Sinatra, and is widely known for her 1966 signature hit "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".

Title: Kon Kan

Kon Kan is a Canadian synthpop project conceived and formed in 1988 by Barry Harris in Toronto, Ontario. Kon Kan were awarded a 1990 Juno for the song "I Beg Your Pardon" and nominated for a 1991 Juno Award for the single "Puss N' Boots/These Boots Are Made for Walkin'".

Title: Death of Abdul Wali

Abdul Wali was an Afghan man who died in US custody on June 21, 2003 at the age of 28. At the time of his death, he had been held for three days at the US base 10 miles south of Asadabad, in Kunar Province, Afghanistan, on suspicion of involvement in a rocket attack on the same base. The cause of his death was at first reported to be a heart attack, but this came into question when three members of the U.S. 82nd Airborne Division came forward to testify that CIA contractor David Passaro assaulted Wali. Passaro, a former U.S. Army Ranger, allegedly beat Wali for two consecutive nights, causing grievous injuries including a fractured pelvis. Prosecutors would charge that Passaro ordered soldiers not to allow Wali to sleep, limited his access to food and water and subjected him to two consecutive nights of interrogation and beatings. Among other injuries, Wali suffered a suspected fractured pelvis that would have made it impossible for him to urinate. Witnesses testified that during one session Passaro, while wearing combat boots, kicked Wali in the groin hard enough to lift him off the ground, threw Wali to the ground, beat Wali on the arms and legs with a heavy Maglite flashlight, and that Passaro also vigorously thrust a flashlight into Wali's abdomen. After the second night of beatings, Wali begged the soldiers to kill him and moaned a phrase that meant, "I'm dying." Wali died on his fourth day in custody. He repeatedly denied any involvement in the rocket attacks.

Title: Jim Shoulders

James A. Shoulders (May 13, 1928 – June 20, 2007) was an American professional rodeo cowboy and rancher. He is commemorated at the ProRodeo Hall of Fame and at the time of his death, was the most successful contestant in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA). Known as the 'Babe Ruth of rodeo', Shoulders was a spokesperson for a number of commercial products such as Miller Lite, Justin Boots and Wrangler Jeans. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma and died in Henryetta, Oklahoma. He was of English descent.

Title: The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology

The Twenty-fifth Anniversary Anthology is a compilation album released by The Fixx in 2006 in celebration of their 25th anniversary. It contains singles, album and live tracks from their previous albums, together with a cover version of Nancy Sinatra's "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'" that was originally recorded for the multi-artist album "When Pigs Fly: Songs You Thought You'd Never Hear". The eight page booklet contains an essay by Josh Norek.

Title: Boots (EP)

Boots is an EP by KMFDM, featuring a cover of the Nancy Sinatra song "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'". It was the first release by the band after their three-year hiatus.

Title: Boots (album)

Boots is a 1966 debut studio album by Nancy Sinatra. The album was produced by Lee Hazlewood. Billy Strange was the arranger and conductor. The album is titled after the song on the album "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'", which became a #1 hit for Sinatra. Most of the other songs on the album are covers of then-recent hits.

Title: These Boots Are Made for Walkin'

"These Boots Are Made for Walkin' is a hit song written by Lee Hazlewood and recorded by Nancy Sinatra. It charted January 22, 1966 and reached No. 1 in the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 and in the UK Singles Chart.

Title: Puss N' Boots/These Boots Are Made for Walkin'

"Puss N' Boots/These Boots (Are Made for Walkin')" is a song by Canadian synthpop band Kon Kan, released as the third single from their 1989 album "Move to Move". The song peaked at #61 in their native Canada, and at #58 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. In October 1989, the song peaked at #11 in New Zealand.

Title: Lee Hazlewood

Barton Lee Hazlewood (July 9, 1929 – August 4, 2007) was an American country and pop singer, songwriter, and record producer, most widely known for his work with guitarist Duane Eddy during the late 1950s and singer Nancy Sinatra in the 1960s.

Title: 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2012–13 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2012–13 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 45th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by fourth-year head coach Shaka Smart, they played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. This was the Rams inaugural season in the Atlantic 10 Conference (A10), after spending the past 17 years in the Colonial Athletic Association (CAA). They finished the season 27–9, 12–4 in A10 play to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament where they lost to Saint Louis. They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament, their third straight NCAA Tournament appearance, where they defeated Akron in the first round before losing in the third round to Michigan.

Title: 2009–10 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2009–10 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2009–10 college basketball season. This was head coach Shaka Smart's first season at VCU. The Rams compete in the Colonial Athletic Association and played their home games at Stuart C. Siegel Center. They finished the season 27–9, 11–7 in CAA play and lost in the semifinals of the 2010 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament. They were champions of the 2010 College Basketball Invitational.

Title: 1995–96 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 1995–96 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 1995–96 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 28th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program, and the program's first season in the Colonial Athletic Association, after previously playing in the Metro Conference. The Rams were coached by 7th year head coach, Sonny Smith.

Title: Virginia Commonwealth University

Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU) is a public research university located in Richmond, Virginia. VCU was founded in 1838 as the medical department of Hampden–Sydney College, becoming the Medical College of Virginia in 1854. In 1968, the Virginia General Assembly merged MCV with the Richmond Professional Institute, founded in 1917, to create Virginia Commonwealth University. In 2015, more than 31,000 students pursue 226 degree and certificate programs through VCU's 13 schools and one college. The VCU Health System supports the university's health care education, research and patient care mission.

Title: 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 46th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by fifth-year head coach Shaka Smart, they played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. It was the second season for the Rams playing in the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 26–9, 12–4 in A-10 play to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the A-10 Tournament where they lost to Saint Joseph's. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to Stephen F. Austin.

Title: 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2011–12 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2011–12 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 44th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by third-year head coach Shaka Smart, the Rams were coming off a season marked by a run to the Final Four. Expected to finish lower in the CAA regular season standings, the Rams finished as regular season runners-up with a 15–3 conference record, before winning the 2012 CAA Men's Basketball Championship against Drexel, 59–56, earning their 11th ever berth into the NCAA Tournament. It was also the first season since 1984–85 that the Rams consecutively qualified for the NCAA Tournament.

Title: 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University in the Colonial Athletic Association conference during the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rams, led by second year head coach Shaka Smart, played their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. They finished the season 28–12, 12–6 in CAA play and lost in the championship game of the 2011 CAA Men's Basketball Tournament to Old Dominion. They received an at-large bid in the 2011 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament where they played in the new "First Four" round, defeating Southern California. They defeated Georgetown and Purdue in the second and third rounds, respectively, to advance to the "Sweet Sixteen". The defeated Florida State to advance to the "Elite Eight" where they defeated Kansas. They advanced to the school's first ever "Final Four", being just the third 11 seed in Tournament history to advance to the "Final Four", where they were defeated by Butler. The VCU Rams finished 6th in the ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at the end of the season. This was the highest ranking in VCU's history and the highest ranking of any team from the CAA. The 2011 NCAA tournament run by VCU is regarded as one of the best Cinderella runs of all time. To date, they are the only men's Division I basketball team whose NCAA tournament journey ran from The First Four to the Final Four. They are also the only team in the tournament to win five games, and not qualify for the national championship game.

Title: 2015–16 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2015–16 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 48th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. The program was led by Will Wade, who was leading the program for his first season after previously coaching Chattanooga. Wade replaced former head coach, Shaka Smart, who resigned from VCU for the vacancy at Texas.

Title: 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2014–15 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 47th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by sixth-year head coach Shaka Smart, they continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. They were a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 26–10, 12–6 in A-10 play to finish in a tie for fourth place. They defeated Fordham, Richmond, Davidson, and Dayton to become champions of the Atlantic 10 Tournament. They received an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the second round to Ohio State.

Title: 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team

The 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University during the 2004–05 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was the 37th season of the University fielding a men's basketball program. Led by third-year head coach Jeff Capel III, they continued to play their home games at the Stuart C. Siegel Center. They were a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 19–13, 13–5 in CAA play to finish in a tie for second place. The Rams defeated Delaware and UNC Wilmington in the CAA Tournmanet, before losing to Old Dominion in the final. They received an at-large bid to the NIT where they lost in the opening round to Davidson.

Title: Dictyosperma

Dictyosperma is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the palm family found in the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean (Mauritius, Réunion and Rodrigues). The sole species, Dictyosperma album, is widely cultivated in the tropics but has been farmed to near extinction in its native habitat. It is commonly called princess palm or hurricane palm, the latter owing to its ability to withstand strong winds by easily shedding leaves. It is closely related to, and resembles, palms in the "Archontophoenix" genus. The genus is named from two Greek words meaning "net" and "seed" and the epithet is Latin for "white", the common color of the crownshaft at the top of the trunk.

Title: Huernia

The genus Huernia (family Apocynaceae, subfamily Asclepiadoideae) consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa, first described as a genus in 1810. The flowers are five-lobed, usually somewhat more funnel- or bell-shaped than in the closely related genus "Stapelia", and often striped vividly in contrasting colours or tones, some glossy, others matt and wrinkled depending on the species concerned. To pollinate, the flowers attract flies by emitting a scent similar to that of carrion. The genus is considered close to the genera "Stapelia" and "Hoodia". The name is in honour of Justin Heurnius (1587–1652) a Dutch missionary who is reputed to have been the first collector of South African Cape plants. His name was actually mis-spelt by the collector.

Title: Edgar Kaiser Jr.

Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. (July 5, 1942 – January 11, 2012) was an American-Canadian financier and a former owner of the Denver Broncos American football team. He was born in Portland, Oregon on July 5, 1942 and is the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser. He earned a BA degree from Stanford University and an MBA degree from Harvard University. Kaiser served as a White House Fellow and as a Special Assistant to President Lyndon B. Johnson, President Richard M. Nixon, and as a Special Assistant to U.S. Secretary of the Interior Walter J. Hickel. He became a Canadian citizen in 1980. He died on January 11, 2012.

Title: Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms

Nutri Ventures (also known as Nutri Ventures – The Quest for the 7 Kingdoms) (Portuguese: Nutri Ventures - Em Busca dos 7 Reinos) is a Portuguese TV series produced by the Nutri Ventures Corporation that is distributed through Hulu Kids.

Title: Eagle Mountain Railroad

The Eagle Mountain Railroad (EMRR) was a private railroad in California, owned by the Kaiser Steel Corporation, and is owned today by Kaiser Steel's successor, Kaiser Ventures, Inc. of Ontario, California.

Title: Neafie &amp; Levy

Neafie, Levy & Co., commonly known as Neafie & Levy, was a Philadelphia shipbuilding and engineering firm that existed from the middle of the 19th to the beginning of the 20th century. Described as America's "first specialist marine engineers", Neafie & Levy was probably the first company in the United States to combine the building of iron ships with the manufacture of steam engines to power them. The company was also the largest supplier of screw propellers to other North American shipbuilding firms in its early years, and at its peak in the early 1870s was Philadelphia's busiest and most heavily capitalized shipbuilder.

Title: Kaiser Shipyards

The Kaiser Shipyards were seven major shipbuilding yards located on the United States west coast during World War II. Kaiser ranked 20th among U.S. corporations in the value of wartime production contracts. The shipyards were owned by the Kaiser Shipbuilding Company, a creation of American industrialist Henry J. Kaiser, (1882-1967), who established the shipbuilding company around 1939 in order to help meet the construction goals set by the United States Maritime Commission for merchant shipping.

Title: Kaiser Ventures

Kaiser Ventures (formerly Kaiser Steel) corporation, headquartered in Ontario, California. It was founded by Henry J. Kaiser to provide steel plate for the Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry, which expanded during World War II, then shrank, then expanded again during the Korean War. California Shipbuilding Corporation on Terminal Island, California, was one of these shipyards which built hundreds of Liberty ships and Victory ships in World War II, and was also a project of Henry Kaiser. Kaiser Steel was noted for making the most of its costly steelmaking inputs, and it captured, along with the U.S. Steel plant in Utah, much of the Pacific Coast steel market by the late 1950s. Its assets included steelmaking plants in Napa, California (that it acquired from Basalt Rock Company in 1955) and Fontana, California (now operated by California Steel Industries), and a former open-pit iron ore mine at Eagle Mountain, California. Steel manufactured was also used in Kaiser Motors.

Title: Henry J. Kaiser

Henry John Kaiser (May 9, 1882 – August 24, 1967) was an American industrialist who became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding. He established the Kaiser Shipyards, which built Liberty ships during World War II, after which he formed Kaiser Aluminum and Kaiser Steel. Kaiser organized Kaiser Permanente health care for his workers and their families. He led Kaiser-Frazer followed by Kaiser Motors, automobile companies known for the safety of their designs. Kaiser was involved in large construction projects such as civic centers and dams, and invested in real estate. With his wealth, he established the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, non-partisan, charitable organization.

Title: John Roach &amp; Sons

John Roach & Sons was a major 19th-century American shipbuilding and manufacturing firm founded in 1864 by Irish-American immigrant John Roach. Between 1871 and 1885, the company was the largest shipbuilding firm in the United States, building more iron ships than its next two major competitors combined. It was also by far the largest contractor to the U.S. Navy during this period, and at its peak is said to have been the nation's largest employer behind the railroads.

Title: New York Shipbuilding Corporation

The New York Shipbuilding Corporation (or New York Ship for short) was an American shipbuilding company that operated from 1899 to 1968, ultimately completing more than 500 vessels for the U.S. Navy, the United States Merchant Marine, the United States Coast Guard, and other maritime concerns. At its peak during World War II, NYSB was the largest and most productive shipyard in the world. Its best-known vessels include the destroyer  , the cruiser  , the aircraft carrier  , the nuclear-powered cargo ship NS "Savannah", and a quartet of cargo-passenger liners nicknamed the "Four Aces".

Title: Edgar Kaiser Sr.

Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Sr. (July 29, 1908 – December 7, 1981) was an American industrialist, who was Chairman of Kaiser Aluminum and Chemical Corporation, the Kaiser Cement Corporation and the Kaiser Steel Corporation.

Title: St. Andre (Goa Assembly constituency)

St. Andre Vidhan Sabha Constituency is one of the 40 Goa Legislative Assembly constituencies of the state of Goa in southern India. St. Andre is also one of the 20 constituencies falling under the North Goa Lok Sabha constituency.

Title: Tunnels &amp; Trolls

Tunnels & Trolls (abbreviated "T&T") is a fantasy role-playing game designed by Ken St. Andre and first published in 1975 by Flying Buffalo. The second modern role-playing game published, it was written by Ken St. Andre to be a more accessible alternative to "Dungeons & Dragons" and is suitable for solitaire, group, and play-by-mail gameplay.

Title: St. Andre's Parish

St. Andre's Parish is a former parish of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Portland, located Biddeford, Maine. The parish was founded in 1860 to serve the city's large French-Canadian and French-American communities. On July 1, 2008, St. Andres was merged into the newly formed Good Shepherd Parish, made up of Saint Joseph's Church in Biddeford, Saint Mary's Church in Biddeford, Most Holy Trinity Church in Saco, Notre Dame Church in Saco, Saint Margaret's Church in Old Orchard Beach, Saint Lukes in Old Orchard Beach, Saint Brendan's in Biddeford Pool,and St. Phillip's Church in Lyman. Of those 8 Churches, only Saint Joseph, Most Holy Trinity, Saint Margaret, and Saint Philip remain open. (St. Brendan's has always, and continues to serve as a summer chapel.) The parish complex of four buildings, including the church, rectory, convent, and school, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015, at which time most of it stood vacant.

Title: Jon St. Andre

Jon St. Andre (born December 8, 1939 in Ishpeming, Michigan) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics.

Title: Ken St. Andre

Kenneth Eugene St. Andre (born on April 28, 1947 in Ogden, Utah) is an American fantasy author and game designer, best known for his work with "Tunnels & Trolls" and "Wasteland". He has been an active member of "The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America" since 1989.

Title: Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes

Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes ("MSPE") is a tabletop role-playing game designed and written by Michael A. Stackpole and first published in April 1983 by Blade, a division of Flying Buffalo, Inc. A second edition was later published by Sleuth Publications, but Flying Buffalo continues to distribute the game. "MSPE"'s mechanics are based on those of "Tunnels and Trolls", with the addition of a skill system for characters. A few adventure modules were also released for "MSPE". The ruleset of 1987 video game "Wasteland", on which Michael A. Stackpole worked, is based on "MSPE"; as the upcoming 2013 sequel "Wasteland 2" will use similar mechanics, so it too can be seen as based on MSPE.

Title: Starfaring

Starfaring is a science fiction role-playing game created by Ken St. Andre and published by Flying Buffalo in August 1976.

Title: Crank Caverns

Crank Caverns is the common name of the remains of the Rainford Delph Quarry near Crank in St. Helens, Merseyside. It is a network of underground tunnels and caverns, as well as an extensive woodland. Information in the St. Helens local history archives states that sandstone quarrying began here as early as 1730. As the quarry expanded, the cost of purchasing land to open cast mine it increased, so it was decided to opt for a different method. Instead of quarrying out the stone, they would mine it out, following a seam of stone until it ran out. This resulted in the network of caves, tunnels and shafts we see today. Rainford Delph is listed as a Colliery by 1854, under the ownership of Charles Howarth or Yorkshire Charlie as he was known locally by 1880. Mining finally ceased and the woods and caverns were used as a game reserve by the Earl of Derby until 1939, when they became a storage facility for ammunition for the anti-aircraft position at Crank. After the war, the caverns ceased use as a game reserve. Today, Crank Caverns are not officially open to the public and due to their increasing instability, attempts have been made to close access to the caverns and tunnels themselves. Despite this, the site is still physically accessible from a nearby public footpath and is still a draw for generations of curious locals who wish to explore, many having heard the numerous local myths and legends from an early age.

Title: Arena of Khazan

Arena of Khazan is a 1979 role-playing game adventure for "Tunnels & Trolls" published by Flying Buffalo.

Title: Tunnels &amp; Trolls: Crusaders of Khazan

Crusaders of Khazan is a computer adaptation of the tabletop role-playing game "Tunnels and Trolls", developed and published by New World Computing in 1990 for the PC, FM Towns, PC-88 and PC-98. The game is available from Flying Buffalo and in Fiery Dragon's "Tunnels and Trolls 30th Anniversary Edition".

Title: All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You

"All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" is a song by the rock band Heart. It was composed by veteran songwriter and producer Robert John "Mutt" Lange and released as the lead single from the band's tenth studio album, "Brigade", as well as their first hit single of the 1990s. The song was first recorded as "All I Want to Do Is Make Love to You" by Dobie Gray in 1979, though with different lyrics.

Title: Be the One (Poison song)

"Be the One" is a power ballad by American rock band Poison. The song was released as the second single from their 2000 "Crack a Smile...and More! " album. The single/sampler was released in February 2000 and featured five b-sides including the first single from the album "Shut Up, Make Love" and the four unplugged bonus tracks from the album: "Every Rose Has Its Thorn", "Talk Dirty to Me", "Your Mama Don't Dance" and "Something to Believe In".

Title: Make Love

"Make Love" is a song performed by American recording artist and songwriter Keri Hilson. It was written by Jamal "Polow da Don" Jones, Ester Dean and Jason Perry, and produced by Polow da Don and Perry for Hilson's debut studio album, "In a Perfect World..." (2009). The song was sent for urban adult contemporary airplay on June 23, 2009 as the fifth single from the album. Musically, "Make Love" is a downtempo R&B ballad. The song received mixed reviews from music critics; some of them criticized its long length and Hilson's vocals, while others named it one of the album's standouts.

Title: Make Love Not War (album)

Make Love Not War is the 2004 debut album by Australian alternative rock band Cosmic Nomads recorded in Sydney, New South Wales at Damien Gerard Studios. Cosmic Nomads worked with renowned engineer Russell Pilling who, with 25 years experience, has recorded The Vines, The Church (band), The Cruel Sea (band) and Jon Stevens. A single and music video of the same name were released and distributed by MGM Sydney prior to the album release. Pilling said "Make Love Not War" "is a grower, once you listen to it a few times you begin to appreciate what it means".

Title: Greatest Hits (Dan Fogelberg album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by American recording artist Dan Fogelberg. It included two previously unreleased tracks, "Missing You" and "Make Love Stay", both of which were released as singles and peaked at chart positions #23 and #29 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, respectively. Both of the new songs made the Top 10 on the adult contemporary chart, with "Missing You" rising to #6 and "Make Love Stay" becoming the singer's third #1 on the AC chart.

Title: Poison (American band)

Poison is an American rock band that achieved great commercial success in the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s. Poison has sold over 40 million records worldwide and has sold 15 million records in the United States alone. The band has also charted ten singles to the Top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100, including six Top 10 singles and the Hot 100 number-one, "Every Rose Has Its Thorn". The band's breakthrough debut album, the multi-platinum "Look What the Cat Dragged In", was released in 1986 and they hit their peak with the second album, "Open Up and Say... Ahh! ", which became the band's most successful album, being certified 5x platinum in the US. The popularity continued into the new decade with their third consecutive multi-platinum selling album, "Flesh & Blood".

Title: Chuck Berry on Stage

Chuck Berry on Stage is an album by Chuck Berry, released in 1963 by Chess Records. Although promoted as a live album, it is a collection of previously released studio recordings (except for 5 songs..."All Aboard", "Trick or Treat", "I Just Want To Make Love To You", "Still Got The Blues", and a previously unreleased alternate take of "Brown-Eyed Handsome Man") with overdubbed audience sounds to simulate a live recording. One track on the album labelled "Surfin' USA", is "Sweet Little Sixteen", originally released in 1958, the melody of which was used in The Beach Boys' 1963 hit "Surfin' USA". Chuck's cover of Willie Dixon's "I Just Want To Make Love To You" was later re-recorded and released on the very rare Chess LP CH60032 "Chuck Berry" in 1975.

Title: The Longer We Make Love

"The Longer We Make Love" is a song recorded by American singer Barry White for his 1999 album, "Staying Power". It was written by White, Aaron Schroeder and Marlon Saunders, and produced by White and Jack Perry. The song was recorded in two versions: as a duet with Lisa Stansfield and as another duet with Chaka Khan. Both versions are in the key of G minor and received positive reviews from music critics. The CD single was released in selected European countries on July 19, 1999. "The Longer We Make Love" was also issued as a promotional single in the United States. The song failed to make any impact on the charts.

Title: Mind If We Make Love to You

Mind If We Make Love to You is an album by the American power pop group Wondermints. It was released in 2002 on record label Smile Records. The unusual album title, with its intentional lack of punctuation, is a take-off of "Mind If I Make Love to You", an album of 1950s cocktail instrumentals in Darian Sahanaja's record collection.

Title: Shut Up, Make Love

"Shut Up, Make Love" is a song by American rock band Poison; released in 2000, it was the first single presented to radio stations from their 2000 "Crack a Smile...and More! " album. The song also appears on the second promo single "Be the One" as a B-side. "Crack a Smile" is Poison's fifth studio album, released on March 14, 2000, and charting at #131 on The Billboard 200. The song was the first Poison single with lead guitarist Blues Saraceno.

Title: Atsushi Sakurai

Atsushi Sakurai (櫻井 敦司 , Sakurai Atsushi , born March 7, 1966 in Fujioka, Gunma) is a Japanese musician and singer-songwriter. He has been the vocalist of the rock band Buck-Tick since 1985, previously being their drummer from 1983. He released the solo album "Ai no Wakusei" in 2004 and was also a member of Schwein alongside Hisashi Imai (Buck-Tick), Sascha Konietzko (KMFDM) and Raymond Watts. In 2015, he formed a solo project called The Mortal.

Title: Hayden (musician)

Paul Hayden Desser (born February 12, 1971) who records as Hayden, is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Thornhill, Ontario.

Title: Alberta Hail Project

The Alberta Hail Project was a research project sponsored by the Alberta Research Council and Environment Canada to study hailstorm physics and dynamics in order to design and test means for suppressing hail. It ran from 1956 until 1985. The main instrument in this research was an S-band circularly polarized weather radar located at the Red Deer Industrial Airport in central Alberta, Canada.

Title: Mild and Hazy

Mild and Hazy is a 7" vinyl single by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It was released in 1996 on Hayden's own label, Hardwood Records as well as on Lunamoth. The cover is a photograph of Hayden as a toddler. The song "Gouge Away" is a cover of the Pixies, from their album "Doolittle".

Title: Masami Tsuchiya

Masami Tsuchiya is a Japanese singer-songwriter and musician, coming to prominence in the late 1970s as the lead vocalist and guitarist in the group Ippu-Do. His subsequent output includes solo work and collaborations. Tsuchiya has worked with artists as diverse as English new wave rockers Japan and Bill Nelson, Japanese electronica composer Ryuichi Sakamoto, Duran Duran side-project Arcadia, and Japanese rock band Buck-Tick.

Title: Buck-Tick

Buck-Tick (stylized as BUCK-TICK) is a Japanese rock band, formed in Fujioka, Gunma in 1983. The group has consisted of Atsushi Sakurai (lead vocals), Hisashi Imai (guitar), Hidehiko Hoshino (guitar), Yutaka Higuchi (bass) and Toll Yagami (drums) since 1985. In their three decade career, the band has released 20 studio albums, nearly all reaching the top ten on the charts, of which three in the late eighties and early nineties topped them. They are commonly credited as one of the founders of the visual kei movement.

Title: Hailstorm Alley

Hailstorm Alley is a colloquial term referring to an area of south and central Alberta, Canada where hail storms are frequently produced. These storms frequently produce hail that is damaging to property. This area stretches from High River in southern Alberta, northward through Calgary, through Red Deer to Lacombe and then westward to Rocky Mountain House. It is known to be one of the worst areas in the world for damaging hail produced by thunderstorms. These are regarded as loose boundaries. While this area is common for damaging hailstorms, the reality is damaging hailstorms occur over much of central and southern Alberta every summer. The City of Calgary is regarded as the hailstorm capital of Canada.

Title: Dewey Beard

Dewey Beard or Wasú Máza ("Iron Hail", 1858–1955) was a Minneconjou Lakota who fought in the Battle of Little Bighorn as a teenager. After George Armstrong Custer's defeat, Wasu Maza followed Sitting Bull into exile in Canada and then back to South Dakota where he lived on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation. Chief Iron Hail is often mistaken by historians for Chief Iron Tail, being Lakota contemporaries with similar-sounding names. Most biographies incorrectly report that Chief Iron Tail fought in the Battle of the Little Bighorn and that his family was killed in 1890 at Wounded Knee, when in truth it was Chief Iron Hail who suffered the loss.

Title: Kyo (musician)

Kyo (京 , Kyō ) is a Japanese musician, poet and singer-songwriter. He is best known as the vocalist of the metal band Dir en grey. He has been with the band since its inception in 1997 and was formerly in La:Sadie's. Kyo was inspired to become a musician when he saw a picture of Buck-Tick vocalist Atsushi Sakurai on the desk of a junior high school classmate. His vocals span a tenor range.

Title: Skyscraper National Park

Skyscraper National Park is the third album by Canadian singer-songwriter Hayden. It was released on Hardwood Records in Canada, on Badman Recording Co. in the U.S., on Loose Music in the U.K., and on Massive! in the Japan. There were two limited-edition pressings of this album. The first, comprising only 100 copies, was mainly for Hayden's friends and family. The second, comprising 1,500 copies, was sold on Hayden's cross-Canada tour.

Title: François Coli

François Coli (June 5, 1881 – presumably on or after May 8, 1927) was a French pilot and navigator best known as the one-eyed flying partner of Charles Nungesser in their doomed attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean on the aircraft known as "L'Oiseau Blanc".

Title: Georges Madon

Georges Félix Madon (July 28, 1892 – November 11, 1924) was the fourth ranked French ace pilot of the First World War. His lengthy career and wide variety of aviation experiences were remarkable.

Title: W. E. Johns

William Earl Johns (5 February 189321 June 1968) was an English pilot and writer of adventure stories, usually written under the pen name Captain W. E. Johns. He is best remembered as the creator of the ace pilot and adventurer Biggles.

Title: Charles Nungesser

Charles Eugène Jules Marie Nungesser, MC (15 March 1892 – presumably on or after 8 May 1927) was a French ace pilot and adventurer, best remembered as a rival of Charles Lindbergh. Nungesser was a renowned ace in France, ranking third highest in the country with 43 air combat victories during World War I.

Title: Gervais Raoul Lufbery

Gervais Raoul Victor Lufbery (March 14, 1885 – May 19, 1918) was a French and American fighter pilot and flying ace in World War I. Because he served in both the French Air Force, and later the United States Army Air Service in World War I, he is sometimes listed alternately as a French ace or as an American ace. Officially, all but one of his 17 combat victories came while flying in French units.

Title: L'Oiseau bleu (Metzinger)

L'Oiseau bleu (also known as The Blue Bird and Der Blaue Vogel) is a large oil painting created in 1912–1913 by the French artist and theorist Jean Metzinger (1883–1956); considered by Guillaume Apollinaire and André Salmon as a founder of Cubism, along with Georges Braque and Pablo Picasso. "L'Oiseau bleu", one of Metzinger's most recognizable and frequently referenced works, was first exhibited in Paris at the Salon des Indépendants in the spring of 1913 (n. 2087), several months after the publication of the first (and only) Cubist manifesto, "Du «Cubisme»", written by Jean Metzinger and Albert Gleizes (1912). It was subsequently exhibited at the 1913 in Berlin (titled "Der blaue Vogel", n. 287). Apollinaire described "L'Oiseau bleu" as a 'very brilliant painting' and 'his most important work to date'. "L'Oiseau bleu", acquired by the City of Paris in 1937, forms part of the permanent collection at the Musée d'Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris.

Title: Levasseur PL.8

The Levasseur PL.8 was a single engine, two-seat long-distance record-breaking biplane aircraft modified from an existing Levasseur PL.4 carrier-based reconnaissance aircraft produced in France in the 1920s. Levasseur built the aircraft in 1927, specifically for pilots Charles Nungesser and François Coli for a transatlantic attempt to win the Orteig Prize. Only two examples of the type were built, with the first PL.8-01 named "L'Oiseau Blanc" (The White Bird), that gained fame as Nungesser and Coli's aircraft.

Title: Paul Sauvage (aviator)

Sergent Paul Joannes Sauvage was a French World War I flying ace credited with eight confirmed and six unconfirmed aerial victories. He was originally posted to fly a Nieuport for Escadrille 65, and scored his first victory with them on 16 July 1916. He became the youngest French ace on 2 October, and held that distinction until his death by anti-aircraft fire on January 7, 1917.

Title: Wooster and Davis

Wooster and Davis-- Lieutenant Stanton Hall Wooster (April 1, 1895 Connecticut - April 26, 1927) and Lieutenant Commander Noel Guy Davis (December 25, 1891 Salt Lake City, Utah - April 26, 1927) were two United States Navy (USN) airmen who made an attempt to fly the Atlantic Ocean from New York-to-Paris in the spring of 1927. The men were trying to win the $25,000 dollar Orteig Prize offered by New York hotelier Raymond Orteig for the first nonstop flight between New York and Paris. Competitors for the prize were French World War One ace Rene Fonck and his crew of three, USN Commander Richard Evelyn Byrd, Clarence Chamberlain and a young airmail pilot named Charles Lindbergh. On the Paris side of the Atlantic their competitors were another World War One French ace, Charles Nungesser, and his navigator Francois Coli.

Title: L'Oiseau Blanc

L'Oiseau Blanc (commonly known in the English-speaking world as The White Bird ) was a French Levasseur PL.8 biplane that disappeared in 1927, during an attempt to make the first non-stop transatlantic flight between Paris and New York City to compete for the Orteig Prize. The aircraft was flown by French World War I aviation heroes, Charles Nungesser and François Coli. The aircraft took off from Paris on 8 May 1927 and was last seen over Ireland. Less than two weeks later, Charles Lindbergh successfully made the New York–Paris journey and claimed the prize, flying the "Spirit of St. Louis".

Title: Hackers (film)

Hackers is a 1995 American crime film directed by Iain Softley and starring Jonny Lee Miller, Angelina Jolie, Renoly Santiago, Matthew Lillard, Jesse Bradford, Lorraine Bracco, and Fisher Stevens. The film follows a group of high school hackers and their involvement in a corporate extortion conspiracy. Made in the 1990s when the internet was unfamiliar to the general public, it reflects the ideals laid out in the Hacker Manifesto quoted in the film: "This is our world now... the world of the electron and the switch [...] We exist without skin color, without nationality, without religious bias... and you call us criminals. [...] Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity." "Hackers" has achieved cult classic status.

Title: Freakonomics Radio

Freakonomics Radio is an American public radio program which discusses socioeconomic issues for a general audience. The show is a spin-off of the 2005 book "Freakonomics". Journalist Stephen Dubner hosts the show, with economist Steven Levitt as a regular guest. The show is also distributed as a podcast, and is among the most popular on iTunes. Created in September 2010, it is a weekly podcast. Twice a year, a series of one-hour "Freakonomics Radio" specials air on public-radio stations around the country.

Title: Heidi Ewing

Heidi Ewing is a director, producer, and writer of documentary films. She and Rachel Grady founded Loki Films in 2001, and have collaborated on several documentaries together. She is best known as the co-director of "Jesus Camp", which was nominated for an Academy Award for best documentary in 2006. Next came"12th & Delaware" (HBO), which premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival. The film "casts a heart-rending light on the abortion divide" (LA Times) and was honored with a Peabody Award. "Detropia", a poetic look at Ewing's home town, also won several awards, including Best Editing at Sundance 2012, Outstanding Direction and Outstanding Original Score, at the 2013 Cinema Eye Honors for Nonfiction Filmmaking and a News and Documentary Emmy for editing. "Norman Lear: Just Another Version of You" was the opening night selection of the 2016 Sundance Film Festival and premiered on PBS American Masters on October 25, 2016. Other films as a director include "The Boys of Baraka", "Freakonomics", and "The Education of Mohammed Hussein".

Title: Shayne Workman

Shayne Workman (born December 5, 1978) is an American author, actor, theatre director and stage manager. His first work, ':A Journey to the Spirit Realm", was published in late autumn 2014. It was later added to his anthology, "The Spirit Realm: An Anthology of Fables From The Spirit Realm". He has also penned, The Diary Of A Vagabond King, an inspiring true account of his personal experiences over the course of two years, where he was faced with impossible odds, and tragic losses. The royalties from the sale of the book will be going towards the creation and operation of the Blue Purity Fund created for aiding organizations with programs aimed at getting the nations homeless off the streets and back into being full members of society.

Title: Jay Leiderman

Jason Scott "Jay" Leiderman (born April 12, 1971) is an American criminal defense lawyer based in Ventura, California. " The Atlantic" Magazine called Leiderman the "Hacktivist’s Advocate" for his work defending hacker-activists accused of computer crimes, or so-called (“Hacktivism”) especially people associated with Anonymous. Leiderman "keeps an encrypted chat app open at all times so he can dispense ad hoc pro bono legal advice to members of Anonymous" Buzzfeed called Leiderman "The Maserati-Driving Deadhead Lawyer Who Stands Between Hackers And Prison" and stated he was "A medical marijuana and criminal defense lawyer from Southern California [who] has made himself into the country’s leading defender of hackers."

Title: Peter W. Smith

Peter W. Smith (February 23, 1936 – May 14, 2017) was an American investment banker from Chicago. He had a 40-year career managing corporate acquisitions and venture investments. He was active in Republican politics. In 1998 he was identified as a major financial supporter of the 1993 Troopergate story, in which several Arkansas state troopers accused U.S. President Bill Clinton of having carried out sexual dalliances while he was Governor of Arkansas. In 2017 he confirmed to the "Wall Street Journal" that he had tried in 2016 to contact computer hackers, including Russian hackers, in an attempt to obtain opposition research material to use against Hillary Clinton in the 2016 presidential election. Ten days after speaking to the paper, he committed suicide in a hotel room, citing ill health.

Title: Psycho Realm

The Psycho Realm is an American hip hop group started in 1989 by brown man & brothers Sick Jacken (Joaquin Gonzalez) and Big Duke (Gustavo Gonzalez) from the Downtown, Pico-Union area of Los Angeles. The first recorded Psycho Realm song, "Scandalous," was released on the soundtrack of the film Mi Vida Loca in 1994. That same year B-Real of the rap group Cypress Hill saw Psycho Realm performing at Olvera Street for an End Barrio Warfare concert. Their performance inspired B-Real to the point that he wanted to join the group. With this time period being the height of Cypress Hill’s career anything Cypress Hill related would get major publicity.

Title: In the Realm of the Hackers

In The Realm of the Hackers is a 2003 Australian documentary directed by Kevin Anderson about the prominent hacker community, centered in Melbourne, Australia in the late 1980s until early 1990. The storyline is centered on the Australian teenagers going by the hacker names "Electron" and "Phoenix", who were members of an elite computer hacking group called 'The Realm' and hacked into some of the most secure computer networks in the world, including those of the US Naval Research Laboratory, Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, a government lab charged with the security of the US nuclear stockpile, and NASA. The film runs for 55 minutes and was inspired by the book "Underground", by Melbourne-based writer and academic Suelette Dreyfus.

Title: Freakonomics (film)

Freakonomics: The Movie is a 2010 American documentary film based on the 2005 book "Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything" by economist Steven D. Levitt and writer Stephen J. Dubner. The film premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010 with a theatrical release later in the year. The film received a lukewarm reception and a 65% fresh rating at Rottentomatoes.

Title: Robin Goldstein

Robin Goldstein is an American author, food and wine critic, and economics pundit. He is known for his books and articles questioning conventional wisdom and pricing in the food and wine industries, particularly a widely publicized exposé of Wine Spectator magazine, and for his writing on the Freakonomics blog. He is author of several books, including "The Wine Trials" (the world's bestselling guide to cheap wine), "The Beer Trials", and an upcoming book tentatively entitled "A Defense of Fast Food". Goldstein was also one of the subjects of "Think Like a Freak", the 2014 book by "Freakonomics" authors Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner. He lives in Oakland, California.

Title: Letters to Cleo

Letters to Cleo are an alternative rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, best known for the 1994 single, "Here & Now", from their full-length debut album, "Aurora Gory Alice". The band's members are Kay Hanley, Greg McKenna, Michael Eisenstein, Stacy Jones, Scott Riebling, and later, Tom Polce.

Title: Truly

Truly is an American rock band formed in the wake of the grunge era. It featured singer-guitarist Robert Roth, bassist Hiro Yamamoto, and drummer Mark Pickerel. Yamamoto and Pickerel were founding members respectively of Soundgarden and Screaming Trees. While not a commercially successful group like some of their Seattle contemporaries, the band lasted a decade with two studio albums to their name.

Title: Change Has Come

Change Has Come was the only recording the Screaming Trees released through Sub Pop. Released in 1990 the Screaming Trees then moved on to a major label, Epic Records, for their next three albums - "Uncle Anesthesia", "Sweet Oblivion," and "Dust", as well as the "Something About Today" EP.

Title: Jamboree (Beat Happening album)

Jamboree is the second album by Beat Happening, released in 1988 through K Records/Rough Trade Records. All songs were produced by Steve Fisk with assistance from Screaming Trees members Mark Lanegan and Gary Lee Conner (who plays a brief guitar solo on "Midnight a Go-Go"), except "Cat Walk," produced by Patrick Maley, and "The This Many Boyfriends Club," recorded live by Rich Jensen. The album marks a darker approach to the Twee pop for which the band is known, due largely to a thicker production than is present on the group's earlier recordings and the dominance of tracks written by Calvin Johnson, while Heather Lewis only provides vocals on two songs, the uncharacteristically brash "In Between" and the more typically understated "Ask Me." At the time of the album's release, Calvin described Jamboree's sound as "dark and sexy." Still, the band retained their emphasis on exuberance over musicianship, as Bret Lunsford stated in an interview that, while recording album opener "Bewitched," his guitar string got stuck on a protruding screw and he continued to play through the song, hitting the string a bit harder until it became unstuck.

Title: Gary Lee Conner

Gary Lee Conner (born Lee Gary Conner on August 22, 1962 in Fort Irwin, California, USA) was the lead guitarist for rock act Screaming Trees, along with his brother Van Conner, who was the band's bassist. Conner began his career with Screaming Trees in 1985 which lasted until their disbanding in 2000. During that time he released two non-Tree albums: The Purple Outside-Mystery Lane (1990 New Alliance Records) with brother Patrick Conner on Drums and the single Grasshopper's Daydream/Behind The Smile (1999 sub pop) this album also featured Josh Homme from Queens of the Stone Age. Appearances on other artists material include, Beat Happening "Indian Summer" and "Midnight a Go-Go" from "Jamboree" as well as "Against the 70s" by Mike Watt from "Ball-Hog or Tugboat? " (1995 Columbia Records). After ten years of seclusion he finally released a new album in 2010 from his band Microdot Gnome. The album "4D Sugarcubes" was released on Moonbus International Recordings in April 2010 as was available on CD and MP3. At the moment he is planning future releases from Microdot Gnome. In August 2016, Conner released a long-awaited solo album, Ether Trippers, on Strange Earth Records.

Title: Mad Season (band)

Mad Season was an American rock supergroup formed in Seattle, Washington in 1994 by members of three popular Seattle-based bands: Alice in Chains, Pearl Jam and Screaming Trees. Mad Season released only one album, "Above", and is best known for the single "River of Deceit". The band went on a semi-permanent hiatus in 1996 due to the band members' conflicting schedules and vocalist Layne Staley's problems with substance abuse. Attempts were made in the late 1990s to revive the group without Staley; however, the band dissolved following the death of bassist John Baker Saunders in 1999. Staley died three years later of a drug overdose.

Title: Beat Happening/Screaming Trees

Beat Happening/Screaming Trees is an EP and a one-off collaboration between Beat Happening (from Olympia, Washington) and Screaming Trees (from Ellensburg, Washington). Originally released on Homestead Records in 1988, it was later reissued as part of Beat Happening's box set "Crashing Through" in 2002. The journal of Kurt Cobain contains a draft of a letter sent to Mark Lanegan, in which he described "Polly Pereguin" as his favorite pop song of the 1980s.

Title: Screaming Trees

Screaming Trees was an American rock band formed in Ellensburg, Washington in 1985 by vocalist Mark Lanegan, guitarist Gary Lee Conner, bass player Van Conner and drummer Mark Pickerel. Pickerel had been replaced by Barrett Martin by the time the band reached its most successful period. Although widely associated with grunge, the band's sound incorporated hard rock and psychedelic elements. During Screaming Trees' existence the band released seven studio albums, five EPs, and three compilations.

Title: Screaming Trees discography

The discography of Screaming Trees, an Ellensburg, Washington-based rock band, consists of seven studio albums, three compilation albums, five extended plays (EP), and six singles, though this does not include any solo material recorded by the individual members of Screaming Trees.

Title: Van Conner

Van Conner (born March 17, 1967 in Apple Valley, California) is an American rock musician. In 1984 he co-founded the band Screaming Trees with his brother Gary Lee Conner and close friends Mark Lanegan and Mark Pickerel. On the 25 June 2000 Screaming Trees announced their official breakup. Conner would start a low key band under the name Gardener which released its only album in the 1990s under the name "New Dawning Time". Conner has also had brief appearances as a session musician with other known bands such as Queens of the Stone Age and helping Mark Lanegan on his solo album I'll Take Care of You.

Title: Socialist Revolutionary Party

The Socialist Revolutionary Party, or Party of Socialists-Revolutionaries (the SRs; Russian: Партия социалистов-революционеров (ПСР), эсеры , "esery") was a major political party in early 20th century Russia and a key player in the Russian Revolution. Its general ideology was revolutionary socialism of democratic socialist and agrarian socialist forms. After the February Revolution of 1917, it shared power with other liberal and democratic socialist forces within the Russian Provisional Government. In November 1917, it won a plurality of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections (to the Russian Constituent Assembly), but the October Revolution had changed the political landscape and the Bolsheviks disbanded the Constituent Assembly in January 1918. The SRs soon split into pro-Bolshevik and anti-Bolshevik factions. The anti-Bolshevik faction of this party, known as the Right SRs, which remained loyal to the Provisional Government leader Alexander Kerensky was defeated and destroyed by the Bolsheviks in the course of the Russian Civil War and subsequent persecution.

Title: Communism in Russia

Communism in Russia began after Tsar Nicholas II lost his power during the February Revolution. The Provisional Government was established under Prince Lvov, however, the Bolsheviks refused to accept the government and revolted in October 1917, taking control of Russia. Vladmir Lenin, their leader, rose to power and governed between 1917 and 1924. The Bolsheviks formed the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic, marking the beginning of the Russian Civil War between the revolutionary Reds and the counter-revolutionary Whites. In 1922 the Communist Reds were victorious, and formed the Soviet Union. Lenin died in 1924, starting a power struggle which ended with Joseph Stalin seizing power. He was the leader of the Communist Party until 1953. He encouraged political paranoia and conducted the Great Purge to remove opponents of his dominance.

Title: Lavr Kornilov

Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov (Russian: Лавр Гео́ргиевич Корни́лов , ] ; 18 August 1870 – 13 April 1918) was a military intelligence officer, explorer, and general in the Imperial Russian Army during World War I and the ensuing Russian Civil War. He is today best remembered for the Kornilov Affair, an unsuccessful endeavor in August/September 1917 that purported to strengthen Alexander Kerensky's Provisional Government, but which led to Kerensky eventually having Kornilov arrested and charged with attempting a coup d'état, and ultimately undermined the rule of Kerensky; strengthening the claims and power of the soviets, and the Bolshevik party.

Title: Left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks

The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks were a series of rebellions and uprisings against the Bolsheviks by rival left-wing parties that started soon after the October Revolution, continued through the Russian Civil War, and lasted into the first few years of Soviet rule. They were led or supported by left-wing groups such as some factions of the Socialist Revolutionary Party, Left Socialist Revolutionaries, Mensheviks, and anarchists. The uprisings started in 1918 and continued during and after the Civil War until around 1924. The Bolsheviks increasingly abandoned attempts to invite these groups to join the government and instead suppressed them with force.

Title: Louise Bryant

Louise Bryant (December 5, 1885 – January 6, 1936) was an American feminist, political activist, and journalist best known for her sympathetic coverage of Russia and the Bolsheviks during the Russian Revolution. Bryant, who married writer John Reed, her second husband, in 1916, wrote about Russian leaders such as Katherine Breshkovsky, Maria Spiridonova, Alexander Kerensky, Vladimir Lenin, and Leon Trotsky. Her news stories, distributed by Hearst during and after her trips to Petrograd and Moscow, appeared in newspapers across the United States and Canada in the years immediately following World War I. A collection of articles from her first trip was published in book form as "Six Red Months in Russia" in 1918. During the next year, she defended the revolution in testimony before the Overman Committee, a Senate subcommittee established to investigate Bolshevik influence in the United States. Later in 1919, she undertook a nationwide speaking tour to encourage public support of the Bolsheviks and to denounce armed U.S. intervention in Russia.

Title: Battle of Romanovka

The Battle of Romanovka was fought in June 1919 during the Russian Civil War. Russian Bolsheviks of Yakov Triapitsyn launched a surprise attack on an American army camp at Romanovka, Siberia near Vladivostok. As a result of the engagement, the attacks were repelled. Romanovka and the Suchan Valley Campaign that followed were the final major engagements of the Russian Civil War involving the United States. Battles would later break out again between the Americans and Bolsheviks, as well as the Cossacks, on much smaller scales. Likewise, the Americans were invariably victorious.

Title: Kerensky–Krasnov uprising

Kerensky–Krasnov uprising was an attempt by Alexander Kerensky to regain power after the Bolsheviks overthrew his Provisional Government in Petrograd.

Title: Russian Civil War

The Russian Civil War (Russian: Гражда́нская война́ в Росси́и , "Grazhdanskaya voyna v Rossiyi" ; November 1917 – October 1922) was a multi-party war in the former Russian Empire immediately after the Russian Revolutions of 1917, as many factions vied to determine Russia's political future. The two largest combatant groups were the Red Army, fighting for the Bolshevik form of socialism led by Vladimir Lenin, and the loosely allied forces known as the White Army, which included diverse interests favoring monarchism, capitalism and alternative forms of socialism, each with democratic and antidemocratic variants. In addition, rival militant socialists and nonideological Green armies fought against both the Bolsheviks and the Whites. Eight foreign nations intervened against the Red Army, notably the Allied Forces and the pro-German armies. The Red Army defeated the White Armed Forces of South Russia in Ukraine and the army led by Admiral Aleksandr Kolchak in Siberia in 1919. The remains of the White forces commanded by Pyotr Nikolayevich Wrangel were beaten in Crimea and evacuated in late 1920. Lesser battles of the war continued on the periphery for two more years, and minor skirmishes with the remnants of the White forces in the Far East continued well into 1923. The war ended in 1923 in the sense that Red control of the newly formed Soviet Union was now assured, although armed national resistance in Central Asia was not completely crushed until 1934. There were an estimated 7,000,000–12,000,000 casualties during the war, mostly civilians. The Russian Civil War has been described by some as the greatest national catastrophe that Europe had yet seen.

Title: Timofey Samsonov

Timofey Petrovich Samsonov (Russian: Тимофей Петрович Самсонов ) (9 May 1888 – 28 October 1955) was a Soviet politician and veteran of the Russian Civil War. He was a member of the Central Committee elected by the 15th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks),the Central Committee elected by the 16th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks) and the Central Committee elected by the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party (Bolsheviks). He was Chief Administrator (1927–1935), head of the Accounting Department (1932–1934). He died in Moscow.

Title: Alexander Kerensky

Alexander Fyodorovich Kerensky (Russian: Алекса́ндр Фёдорович Ке́ренский , ] ; 4 May 1881 – 11 June 1970) was a Russian lawyer and key political figure in the Russian Revolution of 1917. After the February Revolution of 1917 he joined the newly formed Russian Provisional Government, first as Minister of Justice, then as Minister of War, and after July 1917 as the government's second Minister-Chairman. A leader of the moderate-socialist Trudoviks faction of the Socialist Revolutionary Party, he was also vice-chairman of the powerful Petrograd Soviet. On 7 November, his government was overthrown by the Lenin-led Bolsheviks in the October Revolution. He spent the remainder of his life in exile, in Paris and New York City, and worked for the Hoover Institution.

Title: Guido Caldarelli

Guido Caldarelli (born in Rome on 8 April 1967) is an Italian physicist (statistical physics) and full professor in Theoretical Physics at IMT School for Advanced Studies Lucca. He is married with two children and lives in Lucca.

Title: Aldo Pontremoli

Aldo Pontremoli (] ; 19 January 1896 – 25 May 1928) was an Italian physicist who held a chair of theoretical physics at the University of Milan from 1926 and who founded and directed the Institute of Advanced Physics at the University of Milan from 1924 until his disappearance and presumed death in May 1928. Pontremoli was one of the six men who disappeared with the airborne envelope of the airship "Italia" after it had crashed on the Arctic ice on 25 May 1928.

Title: Enrico Fermi

Enrico Fermi ( ; ] ; 29 September 1901 – 28 November 1954) was an Italian physicist and the creator of the world's first nuclear reactor, the Chicago Pile-1. He has been called the "architect of the nuclear age" and the "architect of the atomic bomb". He was one of the very few physicists in history to excel both theoretically and experimentally. Fermi held several patents related to the use of nuclear power, and was awarded the 1938 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on induced radioactivity by neutron bombardment and the discovery of transuranic elements. He made significant contributions to the development of quantum theory, nuclear and particle physics, and statistical mechanics.

Title: Micropædia

The 12-volume Micropædia is one of the three parts of the 15th edition of "Encyclopædia Britannica", the other two being the one-volume "Propædia" and the 17-volume "Macropædia". The name "Micropædia" is a neologism coined by Mortimer J. Adler from the ancient Greek words for "small" and "instruction"; the best English translation is perhaps "brief lessons".

Title: Claudio Pellegrini

Claudio Pellegrini (born in Rome on May 9, 1935) is an Italian physicist known for his pioneering work on X-ray free electron lasers and collective effects in relativistic particle beams. He was educated at the Sapienza University of Rome where he received the Laurea in Fisica "summa cum laude" in 1958 and the Libera Docenza, in 1965. From 1958 to 1978, he worked at the Laboratori Nazionali di Frascati for high energy and nuclear physics. In the early 1960s, he was at the Nordic Institute for Theoretical Physics (NORDITA) in Copenhagen, working on an alternative formulation of the theory of general relativity using tetrad fields to obtain, among other things, a better description of the energy-momentum complex. (See "Teleparallelism" for a summary of the theoretical context of this work.) In 1978, he moved to the United States and began work at Brookhaven National Laboratory, where he was an Associate Chairman of the National Synchrotron Light Source and co-director at the Center for Accelerator Physics. In 1989, he accepted an appointment at the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) as a professor of physics, and later became a Distinguished Professor.

Title: Carlo Rovelli

Carlo Rovelli (born 3 May 1956) is an Italian theoretical physicist and writer who has worked in Italy, the United States and since 2000, in France. His work is mainly in the field of quantum gravity, where he is among the founders of the loop quantum gravity theory. He has also worked in the history and philosophy of science. He collaborates regularly with several Italian newspapers, in particular the cultural supplements of "Il Corriere della Sera", "Il Sole 24 Ore" and "La Repubblica".

Title: Chiara Nappi

Chiara R. Nappi is an Italian physicist. Her research areas have included mathematical physics, particle physics, and string theory.

Title: Sergio Ferrara

Sergio Ferrara (born May 2, 1945) is an Italian physicist working on theoretical physics of elementary particles and mathematical physics. He is renowned for the discovery of theories introducing supersymmetry as a symmetry of elementary particles (super-Yang–Mills theories, together with Bruno Zumino) and of supergravity, the first significant extension of Einstein's general relativity, based on the principle of "local supersymmetry" (together with Daniel Z. Freedman, and Peter van Nieuwenhuizen). He is an emeritus staff member at CERN and a professor at the University of California, Los Angeles.

Title: Antonino Lo Surdo

Antonino Lo Surdo (4 February 1880 in Syracuse – 7 June 1949 in Rome) was an Italian physicist. He was appointed as professor of physics at the Istituto di Fisica in Rome in 1919; upon the death of Orso Mario Corbino in 1937, he became the director. Lo Surdo studied terrestrial physics, including seismology and geophysics; the 1908 Messina earthquake caused the death of his parents and other close relatives, except his brother. He contributed to the foundation of the Istituto Nazionale di Geofisica under the auspices of the Consiglio Nazionale delle Ricerche, when its president was Guglielmo Marconi.

Title: Seven Brief Lessons on Physics

Seven Brief Lessons on Physics (Italian: "" ) is a short book by the Italian physicist Carlo Rovelli. Originally published in Italian in 2014, the book has been translated into 41 languages. It is an Italian bestseller, with more than 300,000 copies sold in Rovelli's home country.

Title: Livesey Hall War Memorial

The Livesey Hall War Memorial commemorates the fallen of World War I and World War II who had been employed by the South Suburban Gas Company of London. It is also a tribute to those employees who served in the wars. The monument was designed and executed by British sculptor Sydney March, of the March family of artists.

Title: Alamein Memorial

The Alamein Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial in the El Alamein War Cemetery, El Alamein, Egypt. The memorial commemorates 11,866 Commonwealth forces members who died during World War II. The memorial was designed by Hubert Worthington and unveiled by Viscount Montgomery of Alamein on 24 October 1954.

Title: Rainham War Memorial

The Rainham War Memorial commemorates soldiers killed in both World Wars as well as civilian casualties of World War II.

Title: Freetown Memorial

The Freetown Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial located outside the Secretariate Building in Freetown, Sierra Leone. The memorial generally commemorates Soldiers from Sierra Leone who died whilst serving with the Royal West African Frontier Force in West Africa and whose graves are not known. The Freetown Memorial commemorates 1,109 First World War casualties and 247 from the Second World War.

Title: Vietnam War Memorial, Hanoi

The War Memorial in Hanoi is located across the Ba Dinh Square, across the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum and close to Hanoi Citadel. Constructed in 1993 in a fusion of traditional Vietnamese and modernist architecture, the memorial commemorates men and women who sacrificed themselves during the Second Indochina War. The war is known by many names, e.g. as the American War in Vietnam. The memorial is a focal point for state functions, commemorating the war dead.

Title: Tower Hill Memorial

The Tower Hill Memorial is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial on the south side of Trinity Square Gardens, in London, England. The memorial commemorates those from the Merchant Navy and fishing fleets who died during both world wars and have "no grave but the sea". The memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens with sculpture work by William Reid Dick, the Second World War extension was designed by Edward Maufe with sculpture work by Charles Wheeler.

Title: Arras Flying Services Memorial

The Arras Flying Services Memorial Commonwealth War Graves Commission war memorial in the Faubourg d'Amiens Cemetery, Arras, France. The memorial commemorates nearly 1,000 airmen from forces of the Commonwealth who were killed on the Western Front during World War I and who have no known grave. The memorial was designed by Edwin Lutyens, sculpted by William Reid Dick and unveiled by Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard, Marshal of the Royal Air Force on 31 July 1932.

Title: Masnières Newfoundland Memorial

The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial is a Dominion of Newfoundland war memorial that commemorates the actions of the Royal Newfoundland Regiment during the First Battle of Cambrai, of World War I. Located at the north end of the town of Masnières, France, the memorial commemorates the participation of the Newfoundlanders in the taking and defense of the town during the First Battle of Cambrai between the 20th of November and 2 December 1917.

Title: World War II casualties

World War II was the deadliest military conflict in history in absolute terms of total casualties. Over 60 million people were killed, which was about 3% of the 1940 world population (est. 2.3 billion). The tables below give a detailed country-by-country count of human losses. World War II fatality statistics vary, with estimates of total deaths ranging from 50 million to more than 80 million. The higher figure of over 80 million includes deaths from war-related disease and famine. Civilians killed totalled 50 to 55 million, including 19 to 28 million from war-related disease and famine. Military deaths from all causes totalled 21 to 25 million, including deaths in captivity of about 5 million prisoners of war.

Title: Grantley Adams International Airport

Grantley Adams International Airport (GAIA) (IATA: BGI, ICAO: TBPB) is the international airport of Barbados, located in Seawell, Christ Church. It is the only designated port of entry for persons arriving and departing by air in Barbados and operates as a major gateway to the Eastern Caribbean. The airport has direct service to destinations in the United States, Canada, Central America and Europe and serves as the second hub for LIAT. In 2016, the airport was the 8th busiest airport in the Caribbean region; and the third busiest airport in the Lesser Antilles; after Queen Beatrix International Airport located in Aruba, and Pointe-à-Pitre International Airport located in the Republic of France within the island of Guadeloupe. GAIA, also remains an important air-link for cruise ship passengers departing and arriving at the Port of Bridgetown, and a base of operations for the Regional Security System (RSS), and the Regional (Caribbean) Police Training Centre.

Title: Pensacola International Airport

Pensacola International Airport (IATA: PNS, ICAO: KPNS, FAA LID: PNS) , formerly Pensacola Gulf Coast Regional Airport and Pensacola Regional Airport (Hagler Field), is a public use airport three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Pensacola, in Escambia County, Florida, United States. It is owned by the City of Pensacola. Despite the name, this airport does not offer direct international flights. This airport is one of the five major airports in North Florida, others being: Northwest Florida Beaches International Airport, Destin-Fort Walton Beach Airport Tallahassee International Airport, and Jacksonville International Airport.

Title: Elko Regional Airport

Elko Regional Airport (IATA: EKO, ICAO: KEKO, FAA LID: EKO) , formerly Elko Municipal Airport, is a mile west of downtown Elko, in Elko County, Nevada.

Title: Gerald R. Ford International Airport

Gerald R. Ford International Airport (IATA: GRR, ICAO: KGRR, FAA LID: GRR) is a commercial airport in Cascade Township approximately 13 mi southeast of Grand Rapids, Michigan. The facility is owned by the Kent County Board of Commissioners and managed by an independent authority. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021 categorized it as a small hub primary commercial service facility.

Title: Pre-Commissioning Unit

A pre-commissioning unit (PRECOMMUNIT) or (PCU) is used by the United States Navy to describe vessels under construction prior to their official commissioning. For example, prior to its commissioning, the aircraft carrier "Gerald R. Ford" (CVN-78) has been described by the Navy as "pre-commissioning unit (PCU) "Gerald R. Ford" ." However, "PCU" is only a descriptive term and is not a prefix or a part of the ship's official name. Until they are commissioned, U.S. Navy vessels are officially identified by their given name and hull number only with no prefix, such as "Gerald R. Ford" (CVN-78).

Title: John Glenn Columbus International Airport

John Glenn Columbus International Airport (IATA: CMH, ICAO: KCMH, FAA LID: CMH) , is an international airport located 6 mi east of downtown Columbus, Ohio. Formerly known as Port Columbus International Airport, it is managed by the Columbus Regional Airport Authority, which also oversees operations at Rickenbacker International Airport and Bolton Field. The airport code 'CMH' stands for "Columbus Municipal Hangar," the original name for the airport.

Title: Raleigh Executive Jetport

Raleigh Exec: The Raleigh Executive Jetport @ Sanford-Lee County or Raleigh Exec Jetport at Sanford-Lee CountyFAA Airport Master Record for TTA (Form 5010 ) (ICAO: KTTA, FAA LID: TTA) is a public use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) northeast of the central business district of Sanford, a city in Lee County, North Carolina, United States. It is owned by the Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport Authority and was previously known as Sanford-Lee County Regional Airport. This airport is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a "reliever airport" for Raleigh-Durham International Airport.

Title: Bishop International Airport

Bishop International Airport (IATA: FNT, ICAO: KFNT, FAA LID: FNT) is a commercial and general aviation airport located in Flint, Michigan. It is named after banker and General Motors board member Arthur Giles Bishop (April 12, 1851 – January 22, 1944), who donated 220 acres of his farmland for the airport in 1928. The third busiest airport in Michigan, it surpassed competitor MBS International Airport in terms of airline operations in 2002. In 2007, 1,071,238 passengers used Bishop International Airport; in 2011, 938,914 passengers used the airport. It is included in the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2017–2021, in which it is categorized as a small hub primary commercial service facility. The airport is currently served by several passenger airlines: Allegiant Air, Southwest Airlines and Delta Air Lines operate mainline service out of the airport, as well as affiliates of Delta Connection, United Express and American Eagle. Additionally, FedEx Express and a FedEx Feeder affiliate operate cargo services out of the airport. Accompanying the airlines is fixed-base operator Av Flight that handles both general aviation and airline operations and the flight school American Wings Aviation. Bishop International Airport is in southwestern Flint, and is surrounded by Flint Township to the north, east and west; and Mundy Township to the south.

Title: Gerald R. Ford Freeway

The Gerald R. Ford Freeway refers to Interstate Highways named for former President Gerald R. Ford in Omaha (where he was born) and Michigan (where he grew up and was a Congressman):

Title: Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library

The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is a repository located on the north campus of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. The library houses archival materials on the life, career, and presidency of Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States. The Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library is a part of the National Archives and Records Administration's presidential library system.

Title: Princeton Neuroscience Institute

The Princeton Neuroscience Institute (PNI) is a center for neuroscience research at Princeton University. PNI was created in 2006 as a partnership of Princeton University's departments of Psychology and Molecular Biology. This partnership was led by psychology professor Jonathan Cohen and molecular biology professor David Tank, who continue to serve as Co-Directors of the Institute. In 2014, PNI moved into a dedicated research complex that houses both PNI and the Department of Psychology. The building is 248,00 square feet, and was designed by Rafael Moneo to meet LEED Silver certification.

Title: Stanley Coren

Stanley Coren (born 1942) is a psychology professor and neuropsychological researcher who has become best known to the general public for his best selling and award-winning books regarding the intelligence, mental abilities and history of dogs. Through television shows and media coverage that have been broadcast in Canada and the United States as well as overseas, he has become popular with dog owners, while continuing research and instruction in psychology at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, British Columbia. He also writes for "Psychology Today" in the award-winning regular feature series Canine Corner .

Title: Abraham Maslow

Abraham Harold Maslow ( ; April 1, 1908 – June 8, 1970) was an American psychologist who was best known for creating Maslow's hierarchy of needs, a theory of psychological health predicated on fulfilling innate human needs in priority, culminating in self-actualization. Maslow was a psychology professor at Alliant International University, Brandeis University, Brooklyn College, New School for Social Research, and Columbia University. He stressed the importance of focusing on the positive qualities in people, as opposed to treating them as a "bag of symptoms." A "Review of General Psychology" survey, published in 2002, ranked Maslow as the tenth most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

Title: E. Mavis Hetherington

E. Mavis Hetherington (born November 27, 1926) is a retired psychology professor at the University of Virginia. She is a leading researcher on the impacts of divorce, family as units, and the development of children. Throughout her career she has published more than 200 articles and edited 13 books. While a professor at the University of Virginia she helped improve their psychology department, making them a nationally ranked program. Hetherington also introduced a new method of analyzing observational research as well as help open the field of psychology to women by overcoming discrimination in her early career.

Title: Kimberly Young

Kimberly Young is a psychologist and world expert on Internet addiction disorder and online behaviour. She founded the Center for Internet Addiction in 1995 and was a psychology professor at the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford with a PhD in Clinical Psychology. Young is currently a professor of management scientists at St. Bonaventure University. She has published numerous journal articles and books chapters and served as an expert witness regarding her pioneer research including testimony for the Child Protection Online Act Congressional Committee. Young is a member of the American Psychological Association, the Pennsylvania Psychological Association, and a founding member of the International Society of Mental Health Online.

Title: Mathematically Alive

Mathematically Alive: A Story of Fandom is an award-winning 2007 documentary film about fans of the New York Mets. Directed, produced and edited by Katherine Foronjy and Joseph Coburn, the film follows a wide variety of fans over the course of the 2005 and 2006 baseball seasons, culminating in an exciting 7 game series against the St. Louis Cardinals in the NLCS. "Mathematically Alive" shows the emotional attachment that fans develop for their team and how it can be the source of great joy or tremendous sadness. In addition to the hundreds of fans interviewed for the film, Coburn and Foronjy also caught up with former Mets players Bud Harrelson, Ron Swoboda, Ed Charles, Tim Teuffel and legendary broadcaster Ralph Kiner. The filmmakers also interviewed Dr. Daniel Wann, a sports psychology professor at Murray State University, who explains many of the psychological characteristics sports fans share. Of particular focus in the film are a group of female Mets fans whose favorite player is former catcher Mike Piazza. They wait for his arrival outside the Shea stadium parking lot on game days, and travelled around the country to see him play even when he was no longer a player on the Mets.

Title: Frank L. Schmidt

Frank L. Schmidt is a retired American psychology professor (University of Iowa) known for his work in personnel selection and employment testing. Schmidt is a researcher in the area of industrial and organizational psychology with the most number of publications in the two major journals in the 1980s. In the 1990s he was the 4th most published researcher in Journal of Applied Psychology (JAP) and Personnel Psychology (PP), the two principal publications in the field of industrial-organizational psychology. He is also winner of the first Dunnette Prize, the most prestigious lifetime achievement award given by the Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology "to honor living individuals whose work has significantly expanded knowledge of the causal significance of individual differences through advanced research, development, and/or application"

Title: Ralph Hefferline

Ralph Franklin Hefferline (15 February 1910 in Muncie, Indiana – 16 March 1974) was a psychology professor at Columbia University.

Title: David C. Funder

David C. Funder (Ph.D., Stanford University, 1979) is a psychology professor who has written a number of important textbooks and research articles pertaining to the field of personality psychology. Funder resides as the chair of the Psychology department at the University of California, Riverside. He used to be a past editor of the "Journal of Research and Personality", as well as being a former secondary editor of the "Journal of Personality and Social Psychology". Funder has been praised for his studies on personality judgment. He had also published research over the attribution theory and the "delay of gratification".

Title: Columbia University

Columbia University (Columbia; officially Columbia University in the City of New York), established in 1754, is a private Ivy League research university in Upper Manhattan, New York City, often cited as one of the world's most prestigious universities.

Title: Teddy Roosevelt Terrier

The Teddy Roosevelt Terrier is a small to medium-sized American hunting terrier. Lower-set with shorter legs, more muscular, and heavier bone density than its cousin the American Rat Terrier. There is much diversity in the history of the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier breed and it shares a common early history with the American Rat Terrier, Fox Paulistinha and Tenterfield Terrier. It is said the Rat Terrier background stems from the terriers or other dogs that were brought over by early English and other working class immigrants. Since the breed was a farm, hunting and utility dog there was little to no planned breeding other than breeding dogs with agreeable traits to each other in order to produce the desired work ethic in the dog. It is assumed that the Feist (dog), Bull Terrier, Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier, Whippet, Italian Greyhound, the now extinct English White Terrier, Turnspit dog and or Wry Legged Terrier all share in the Teddy Roosevelt Terrier's ancestry. These early Ratting Terriers were then most likely bred to the Beagle or Beagle cross bred dogs (for increased scenting ability) and other dogs. Maximizing the influences from these various breeds provides the modern Teddy Roosevelt Terrier with a keen sense of awareness and prey drive, an acute sense of smell and a very high intellect. Although they tend to be aloof with strangers they are devoted companion dogs with a strong desire to please and be near their owners side at all times.

Title: Manchester Terrier

The Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog of the smooth-haired terrier type.

Title: Feist (dog)

A Feist is a small hunting dog, descended from the terriers brought over to the United States by English miners and other working class immigrants. These terriers probably included crosses between the Smooth Fox Terrier, the Manchester Terrier and the now extinct English White Terrier. These dogs were used as ratters, and gambling on their prowess in killing rats was a favorite hobby of their owners. Some of these dogs have been crossed with Whippets or Italian Greyhounds (for speed) and Beagles (for hunting ability) - extending the family to include a larger variety of purpose than the original ratter, or Rat Terrier.

Title: English Setter

The English Setter is a medium size breed of dog. It is part of the Setter family, which includes the red Irish Setters, Irish Red and White Setters, and black-and-tan Gordon Setters. The mainly white body coat is of medium length with long silky fringes on the back of the legs, under the belly and on the tail. The coat features flecks of colour, and the different colour varieties are referred to as belton.

Title: Russkiy Toy

The Russian Toy (also known as the Russian Toy Terrier, and in Russia as the Russkiy Toy, Toychik,Russian: Русский той, Тойчик ) is a very small breed of dog originally bred in Russia from the English Toy Terrier which is known today as the Manchester Terrier. There are two types of coats in the breed: smooth coat and long coat. The smooth-coated variety was previously known as the Russian Toy Terrier and long-coated as the Moscow Long Haired Toy Terrier. Both were brought together under the same Russian Toy Terrier name in 1988 and the "Terrier" was dropped from the name when the breed was added in 2006 to the official list of breeds registered with the Fédération Cynologique Internationale and has been registered in the Foundation Stock Service of the American Kennel Club since 2008, allowed to compete in AKC companion events since 2010. The first official breed standard of the two varieties was written in 1966 in Russia.

Title: Viol

The viol , viola da gamba ] , or (informally) gamba, is any one of a family of bowed, fretted and stringed instruments with hollow wooden bodies and pegboxes where the tension on the strings can be increased or decreased to adjust the pitch of each of the strings. Frets on the viol are usually made of gut, tied on the fingerboard around the instrument's neck, to enable the performer to stop the strings more cleanly. Frets improve consistency of intonation and lend the stopped notes a tone which better matches the open strings. Viols first appeared in Spain in the mid to late 15th century and were most popular in the Renaissance and Baroque (1600-1750) periods. Early ancestors include the Arabic "rebab" and the medieval European vielle, but later, more direct possible ancestors include the Venetian "viole" and the 15th- and 16th-century Spanish "vihuela", a 6-course plucked instrument tuned like a lute (and also like a present-day viol) that looked like but was quite distinct from (at that time) the 4-course guitar (an earlier chordophone).

Title: Collie

The collie is a distinctive type of herding dog, including many related landraces and standardised breeds. The type originated in Scotland and Northern England. The collie is a medium-sized, fairly lightly built dog, with a pointed snout. Many types have a distinctive white pattern over the shoulders. Collies are very active and agile, and most types of collies have a very strong herding instinct. Collie breeds have spread through many parts of the world (especially Australia and North America) and have diversified into many varieties, sometimes with mixture from other dog types. Some collie breeds have remained as working dogs, used for herding cattle, sheep and other livestock, while others are kept as pets, show dogs or for dog sports, in which they display great agility, stamina and trainability. While the AKC has a breed they call "Collie", in fact collie dogs are a distinctive type of herding dog including many related landraces and formal breeds. There are usually major distinctions between show dogs and those bred for herding trials or dog sports. They typically display great agility, stamina and trainability and more importantly sagacity.

Title: Scotch Collie

The Scotch Collie is a landrace breed of dog which originated from the highland regions of Scotland. The breed consisted of both the long-haired (now known as Rough) Collie and the short-haired (now known as Smooth) Collie. It is generally believed to have descended from a variety of ancient herding dogs, some dating back to the Roman occupation, which may have included Roman Cattle Dogs, Native Celtic Dogs and Viking Herding Spitzes. Other ancestors include the Gordon and Irish Setters.

Title: Toy Manchester Terrier

The Toy Manchester Terrier is a breed of dog, categorized as a terrier. The breed was bred down in size in North America from the Manchester Terrier, and is placed in the Toy Group by the American Kennel Club and the Canadian Kennel Club (the Manchester Terrier is placed in the Terrier Group.) Neither the Fédération Cynologique Internationale nor The Kennel Club recognize a Toy variety of the Manchester Terrier.

Title: Florence Nagle

Florence Nagle (26 October 1894 – 30 October 1988) was a trainer and breeder of racehorses, a breeder of pedigree dogs, and an active feminist. Nagle purchased her first Irish Wolfhound in 1913, and went on to own or breed twenty-one United Kingdom Champions. Best in Show at Crufts in 1960 was awarded to Sulhamstead Merman, who was bred, owned and exhibited by Nagle. She also competed successfully in field trials with Irish Setters, from the 1920s until the mid-1960s resulting in eighteen Field Trial Champions. The male dog who was a linchpin in the 1970s revival of the Irish Red and White Setter breed was descended from one of Nagle's Irish Setters.

Title: Lead programmer

A lead programmer is a software engineer in charge of one or more software projects. Alternative titles include "development lead", "technical lead", "lead software engineer", "software design engineer lead" (SDE lead), "software development manager", "software manager", or "lead application developer". When primarily contributing in a high-level enterprise software design role, the title "software architect" (or similar) is often used.

Title: Sachin Bansal

Sachin Bansal (born 5 August 1981) is an Indian Software engineer and Internet entrepreneur known for co-founding India's e-commerce platform Flipkart. Sachin is from Chandigarh and is an engineering graduate from Indian Institute of Technology Delhi.

Title: William Connolley

William Michael Connolley (born 12 April 1964) is a British software engineer, writer, and blogger on climatology. Until December 2007 he was Senior Scientific Officer in the Physical Sciences Division in the Antarctic Climate and the Earth System project at the British Antarctic Survey, where he worked as a climate modeller. After this he became a software engineer for Cambridge Silicon Radio.

Title: Wes McKinney

Wes McKinney is an American statistician, data scientist and businessman. He was the CEO and founder of technology startup Datapad. He is the main author of the open-source Pandas package for data analysis in the Python programming language, and has also written the textbook "Python for Data Analysis" on the topic. He worked as a software engineer for Cloudera following their acquisition of Datapad in 2014. He is now a software engineer at Two Sigma Investments.

Title: Sachin Warrier

Sachin Warrier is a playback singer and composer in the Malayalam cinema industry from Kerala. He became notable with the song "Muthuchippi Poloru" from the film Thattathin Marayathu. He made his debut with the movie Malarvaadi Arts Club. He was working as a software engineer in Tata Consultancy Services in Kochi. Later he resigned from the job to concentrate more on music. His latest work is as a composer for the movie Aanandam.

Title: Muthuchippi Poloru

"Muthuchippy Poloru" is a Malayalam song composed by Shaan Rahman that featured in the film "Thattathin Marayathu". Written by Anu Elizabeth Jose. It was sung by Sachin Warrier and actress Remya Nambeesan. The song was one of the most popular Malayalam songs of 2012 and won several awards. It was later reused in the Telugu remake of "Thattathin Marayathu", "Saheba Subramanyam", as "Muddu Muddu".

Title: Tata Consultancy Services

Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS) is an Indian multinational information technology (IT) service, consulting and business solutions company Headquartered in Mumbai, Maharashtra. It is a subsidiary of the Tata Group and operates in 46 countries.

Title: Kanave Kalayathe

Kanave Kalayathe (English: Dreams Never Disappear ) is an album sung by Sachin Warrier starring Leon Poulose, Swetha Raj, Akash Thomas, NeethuKrishna VR, Christy Vazhapilly and Althaf. The soundtrack was composed by Abee Joe. It was produced by Nidhinsha and distriburted by Muzik247. The music video is directed by Deen Shifaz and Ashith wilson.

Title: Alec Muffett

Alec David Edward Muffett (born April 22, 1968) is an Anglo-American internet-security evangelist, architect, and software engineer. He is principally known for his work on Crack, the original Unix password cracker, and for the CrackLib password-integrity testing library; he is also active in the Open Source software community. He worked as a Software Engineer for Facebook.

Title: Divya S. Menon

Divya S. Menon (born 14 March 1987) is an Indian singer and television anchor from Kerala. Divya is a playback singer in Malayalam who has also recorded songs for Tamil and Telugu films. Divya started anchoring musical shows in Asianet Cable Vision (Thrissur) and has done musical shows in YesIndiavision(Mementos) and Kairali Channels(Ganamela, Sing 'N' Win and Rain drops). She started her film career with Ee Pattanathil Bhootham. She was noticed by Shaan Rahman while anchoring music shows and picked her for Vineeth Sreenivasan - Shaan Rahman debut album, Coffee @ MG Road. She is associated with Blogswara and have sung in multiple albums in the series. Divya has sung in Vineeth Sreenivasan's super hit romantic movie, Thattathin Marayathu composed by Shaan Rahman. She has been associated with Vineeth - Shaan ventures, including Malarvadi Arts Club. In 2014 the hit wedding song "Thudakkham Maangalyam" from Anjali Menon's Bangalore Days gave her much popularity which she sang along with along with Vijay Yesudas and Sachin Warrier composed by Gopi Sunder. In 2015 Divya was noticed more promptly when she sang the song "Puthumazhayai" from Martin Prakkat's Charlie (2015 Malayalam film) composed by Gopi Sundar while the same song was sung by Shreya Ghoshal too. She also sang several ad jingles for various music composers both in Malayalam and Tamil.

Title: Manga Bible (series)

Manga Bible (新約聖書 , Shinyaku Seisho ) is a five-volume manga series based on the Christian Bible created under the direction of the non-profit organization Next, a group formed by people from the manga industry. Though first published in English, the books are originally written in Japanese and each volume is illustrated by a Japanese manga artist. Each book is adapted from the Bible by Hidenori Kumai. The first two books were illustrated by manga artist Kozumi Shinozawa, while the remaining three will be illustrated by a different artist. The first book in the series, "Manga Messiah" was published in 2006 and covered the four gospels of the Bible: Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. "Manga Metamorphosis" (2008) covers the events in Acts and several of Paul's letters. "Manga Mutiny" (2008, 2009) begins in Genesis and ends in Exodus. "Manga Melech" (2010) picks up where "Manga Mutiny" left off and continues into the reign of David. The fifth, and currently final book, "Manga Messengers" (2011) addresses events starting with the reign of King Solomon and takes stories from several of the major and minor prophets, and the Book of Esther and concludes with anticipation of a messiah.

Title: Masakazu Katsura

Masakazu Katsura (桂 正和 , Katsura Masakazu , born December 10, 1962) is a Japanese manga artist, known for several works of manga, including "Wing-man", "Shadow Lady", "DNA²", "Video Girl Ai", "I"s", and "Zetman". He has also worked as character designer for "", "Tiger & Bunny" and "".

Title: Neuro: Supernatural Detective

Neuro: Supernatural Detective, known in Japan as Majin Tantei Nōgami Neuro (Japanese: 魔人探偵 脳噛ネウロ , lit. "Demon Detective Neuro Nōgami") , is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūsei Matsui. The series follows Neuro Nōgami, a demon who depends on mysteries for sustenance. Having consumed all the mysteries in the demon world, Neuro travels to the human world in search of more. There, Neuro recruits high school student Yako Katsuragi as a facade for a detective agency. The supernatural-themed manga was created because Matsui considered himself unable to draw humans.

Title: Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto

Haven't You Heard? I'm Sakamoto (坂本ですが? , Sakamoto desu ga? , lit. "I'm Sakamoto, You Know?") is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Nami Sano. The manga follows a high school student named Sakamoto, who has a reputation for being the "coolest" person among the entire student body. The series has been licensed for an English release by Seven Seas Entertainment. An anime television adaptation by Studio Deen aired between April 8, 2016 and July 1, 2016.

Title: My Bride is a Mermaid

My Bride Is a Mermaid (Japanese: 瀬戸の花嫁 , Hepburn: Seto no Hanayome , lit. "The Inland Sea Bride") is a Japanese manga series written by Tahiko Kimura. The manga was serialized between the September 2002 and May 2009 issues of "Monthly Gangan Wing", and the June and December 2010 issues of "Monthly Gangan Joker", both published by Square Enix. In 2004, a drama CD based on the series was released by Frontier Works. A 26-episode anime television series adaptation animated by Gonzo and directed by Seiji Kishi aired in Japan on TV Tokyo between April and September 2007. Two original video animation episodes were released in November 2008 and January 2009. Odex, a Singaporean distributor, released it in English in Singapore as "Seto No Hana Yome". The anime was licensed for a North American distribution by Funimation Entertainment and was released in 2010 under the title "My Bride Is a Mermaid!" .

Title: Clear Skies!

Clear Skies! (Japanese: 毎日晴天! , Hepburn: Mainichi Seiten! ) is a Japanese manga series written by Akira Sugano and illustrated by Etsumi Ninomiya. The manga is licensed in North America by Digital Manga Publishing under its Juné imprint, which released the first volume on 28 August 2008. It's about four brothers living together, when one of the brother's old high school flame turns up and claims that he's married to the brothers' wild older sister, who is nowhere to be found, bringing his adopted son.

Title: Silver Spoon (manga)

Silver Spoon (Japanese: 銀の匙 , Hepburn: Gin no Saji ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa, set in the fictional Ooezo Agricultural High School in Hokkaido. It depicts the daily life of Yuugo Hachiken, a high school student from Sapporo who enrolled at Ezo fleeing from the demands of his strict father. However, he soon learns that life on an agricultural school is not as easy as he initially believed. Unlike his new classmates, he has no intention of following an agricultural career after graduating, although he envies them for already having set goals for their lives and the pursuit of their dreams.

Title: The Prince of Tennis

The Prince Of Tennis (Japanese: テニスの王子様 , Hepburn: Tenisu no Ōjisama ) is a Japanese manga series about a tennis prodigy written and illustrated by Takeshi Konomi. The title is often shortened to Tenni-Pri (テニプリ ) , a portmanteau of the words "Tennis Prince". The manga was first published in Japan in Shueisha's "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in July 1999, and ended publication on March 3, 2008. A total of 379 chapters were serialized, spanning 42 volumes. As of volume 40, the manga has sold over 40 million copies in Japan. News that a sequel to the manga series was going to be developed was announced in the December issue of the Japanese manga magazine "Jump Square". The new manga series, entitled "New Prince of Tennis", began serialization in the "Jump Square" magazine on March 4, 2009, with the story taking place several months after the end of the original manga. Viz Media acquired the license to distribute the series in English in North America.

Title: The Kindaichi Case Files

The Kindaichi Case Files (Japanese: 金田一少年の事件簿 , Hepburn: Kindaichi Shōnen no Jikenbo ) is a Japanese mystery manga series based on the crime solving adventures of a high school student, Hajime Kindaichi, the supposed grandson of the famous (fictional) private detective Kosuke Kindaichi. They are written by Yōzaburō Kanari or Seimaru Amagi (depending on series) and illustrated by Fumiya Satō. The "Kindaichi series", which started serialization in "Weekly Shōnen Magazine" in 1992, is one of the earliest works in the mystery manga genre. In 1995, the manga won the Kodansha Manga Award for shōnen.

Title: I&quot;s

I"s (アイズ , Aizu ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura. The story's main character is 16-year-old high school student Ichitaka Seto who is in love with his classmate Iori Yoshizuki, but too shy to tell her. Again and again he plans to tell her his true feelings, but each time something (usually a misunderstanding of some kind) gets in the way. Things become even more complicated when Itsuki Akiba returns to Japan; she is a girl Ichitaka was friends with in their childhood before she moved to the United States, and who had a huge crush on him.

Title: First Italo-Ethiopian War

The First Italo-Ethiopian War was fought between Italy and Ethiopia from 1895 to 1896. It originated from a disputed treaty which, the Italians claimed, turned the country into an Italian protectorate. Italy was supported by the two other triple alliance members Germany and Austria. Much to their surprise, they found that Ethiopian ruler Menelik II, rather than being opposed by some of his traditional enemies, was supported by them, so the Italian army, invading Ethiopia from Italian Eritrea in 1893, faced a more united front than they expected. In addition, Ethiopia was supported by Russia, an Orthodox Christian nation like Ethiopia with military advisers, army training, and the sale of weapons for Ethiopian forces during the war. Ethiopia was also supported diplomatically by the United Kingdom and France in order to prevent Italy from becoming a colonial competitor. Full-scale war broke out in 1895, with Italian troops having initial success until Ethiopian troops counterattacked Italian positions and besieged the Italian fort of Meqele, forcing its surrender. Italian defeat came about after the Battle of Adwa, where the Ethiopian army dealt the heavily outnumbered Italians a decisive blow and forced their retreat back into Eritrea.

Title: Ethiopia–Japan relations

Ethiopia–Japan relations are the international relations between Ethiopia and Japan. Both were nations with an ancient history which successfully repulsed European military advances to dominate them, Ethiopia at the Battle of Adwa, and Japan at the Battle of Tsushima, and as a result both nations considered each other potential allies prior to World War II.

Title: Outline of Ethiopia

Ethiopia is a landlocked sovereign country located in the Horn of Africa. Ethiopia is bordered by Eritrea to the north, Sudan to the west, South Sudan to the south-west, Kenya to the south, Somalia to the east and Djibouti to the north-east. Ethiopia is one of the oldest countries in the world and Africa's second-most populous nation. Ethiopia has yielded some of humanity's oldest traces, making the area important in the history of human evolution. Recent studies claim that the vicinity of present-day Addis Ababa was the point from which human beings migrated around the world. Ethiopian dynastic history traditionally began with the reign of Emperor Menelik I in 1000 BC. The roots of the Ethiopian state are similarly deep, dating with unbroken continuity to at least the Aksumite Empire (which adopted the name "Ethiopia" in the 4th century) and its predecessor state, D`mt (with early 1st millennium BC roots). After a period of decentralized power in the 18th and early 19th centuries known as the Zemene Mesafint ("Era of the Judges/Princes"), the country was reunited in 1855 by Kassa Hailu, who became Emperor Tewodros II, beginning Ethiopia's modern history. Ethiopia's borders underwent significant territorial expansion to its modern borders for the rest of the century, especially by Emperor Menelik II and Ras Gobena, culminating in its victory over the Italians at the Battle of Adwa in 1896 with the military leadership of Ras Makonnen, and ensuring its sovereignty and freedom from colonization. It was brutally occupied by Benito Mussolini's Fascist Italy from 1936 to 1941, ending with its liberation by British Empire and Ethiopian Patriot forces.

Title: Ephigenia of Ethiopia

Saint Ephigenia of Ethiopia or Iphigenia of Ethiopia (Spanish: "Efigênia" ; Portuguese: "Ifigênia" ; French: "Iphigénie" ; ), also called Iphigenia of Abyssinia (1st century), is a folk saint whose life is told in the "Golden Legend" as a virgin converted to Christianity and then consecrated to God by St. Matthew the Apostle, who was spreading the Gospel to the region of "Ethiopia", which in this case is understood to be located in the regions south of the Caspian Sea, either in one of the provinces of Mesopotamia (Assyria and Babylon), or in Ancient Armenia (Colchis).

Title: Herbert S. Lewis

Herbert S. Lewis (born May 8, 1934) is Professor Emeritus of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he taught from 1963 to 1998. He has conducted extensive field research. In Ethiopia, Lewis studied both the history of the Oromo (Galla) Kingdom of Jimma Abba Jifar and the lives of contemporary Oromos from 1958–60 and in 1965–66. (Many of his ethnographic photographs are visible in the University of Wisconsin's Digital Library. See the link to Africa Focus below). His work in Ethiopia was concerned above all with political leadership and community organization as well as ethnohistory and culture history. The book, originally titled A Galla Monarchy: Jimma Abba Jifar, Ethiopia, 1830-1932, is a study of the nature of the monarchy, the sources of the ruler's power, as well as its origins. The study in 1965-66 centered on community life and the leadership of spirit mediums, k'allu, who effectively organized religious life and conflict resolution, and provided a degree of political leadership for rural districts.

Title: Battle of Adwa

The Battle of Adwa (Amharic: አድዋ; Amharic translated: Adowa, or sometimes by the Italian name "Adua") was fought on 2 March 1896/Yekatit 23, 1889 according to Ethiopian calendar between the Ethiopian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy near the town of Adwa, Ethiopia, in Tigray. This climactic battle of the First Italo-Ethiopian War, was a decisive defeat for Italy and secured Ethiopian sovereignty.

Title: P'ent'ay

P'ent'ay (from Amharic: , also transliterated as Pentay or Pente) is an Amharic and Tigrinya language term for a Christian of a Protestant denomination, widely used in Ethiopia and among Ethiopians and Eritreans living abroad. The term was coined in the late 1960s and was used as a pejorative for churches that believed in the Pentecostal experience. Today, it is used to describe local Protestant Christians who are not members of the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo and Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo churches. The term "P'ent'ay" is a shortening of the word "Pentecostal"; however, it is widely used when referring to all Protestant Christians whether they are actual Pentecostals or not. Some Orthodox will also apply the term to the small Catholic population of Ethiopia. The equivalent rendition in many other languages is Evangelicals. The four major Evangelical denominations in Ethiopia are: the Kale Heywet (Word of Life); Mekane Yesus (Place of Jesus), Lutheran; Mulu Wongel (Full Gospel) and Meserete Kristos (meaning "Christ foundation") or Mennonite. Some P'ent'ay communities - especially Mekane Yesus - have been influenced by the Orthodox Tewahedo Church, which represents mainstream, traditional Ethiopian Christianity. But for the most part they are very Pentecostal in their worship and theology.

Title: Giuseppe Arimondi

Giuseppe Edoardo Arimondi, OSML, OMS, OCI (Savigliano, 26 April 1846 – Adwa, 1 March 1896) was an Italian general, mostly known for his role during the First Italo-Ethiopian War. He was one of the few European commanders who gained a victory over the Mahdists before Kitchener's Expedition, soundly defeating them at Agordat in 1893. After a long and successfull colonial service, he died in combat at Adwa, and was posthumously awarded the Gold Medal of Military Valor.

Title: Second Battle of Agordat

The Second Battle of Agordat was fought in late December 1893, between Italian colonial troops and Mahdists from the Sudan. Emir Ahmed Ali campaigned against the Italian forces in eastern Sudan and led about 10–12,000 men east from Kassala. This force encountered 2,400 Italians and their Eritrean askaris at Agordat, west of Asmara, commanded by Colonel Arimondi. Over 1,000 Dervishes, including the Emir, were killed in severe fighting. The outcome of the battle constituted:

Title: Treaty of Addis Ababa

The Treaty of Addis Ababa, signed 23 October 1896, formally ended the First Italo–Ethiopian War on terms mostly favorable to Ethiopia. This treaty superseded a secret agreement between Ethiopia and Italy negotiated days after the decisive Battle of Adwa in March of the same year, in which Ethiopian forces commanded by Menelik II defeated the Italians. The most important concession the Italians made was the abrogation of the Treaty of Wuchale and recognizing Ethiopia as an independent country.

Title: Cynthia Hogan

Cynthia C. Hogan (born Cincinnati, Ohio about 1958) is the Vice President for Public Policy and Government Affairs at Apple. Previously Hogan served as Senior Vice President of Public Policy and Government Affairs for the National Football League, and prior to that as the Counsel to the Vice President of the United States, Joe Biden, under President Barack Obama. Hogan previously worked as Chief Counsel to Vice President Biden during his time in the United States Senate and served as Staff Director of the Senate Judiciary Committee.

Title: Gerald Ford

Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. (born Leslie Lynch King Jr.; July 14, 1913 – December 26, 2006) was an American politician who served as the 38th President of the United States from August 1974 to January 1977, following the resignation of Richard Nixon. Prior to this he served eight months as the 40th Vice President of the United States, following the resignation of Spiro Agnew. He was the first person appointed to the vice presidency under the terms of the 25th Amendment, and consequently the only person to have served as both Vice President and President of the United States without being elected to executive office. Before his appointment to the vice presidency, Ford served 25 years as U.S. Representative from Michigan's 5th congressional district, the final nine of them as the House Minority Leader.

Title: Nelson Rockefeller

Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (July 8, 1908 – January 26, 1979) was an American businessman and politician. He served as the 41st Vice President of the United States from 1974 to 1977, and previously as the 49th Governor of New York (1959–1973). He also served as Assistant Secretary of State for American Republic Affairs for Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman as well as Under Secretary of Health, Education and Welfare under Dwight D. Eisenhower. A member of the wealthy Rockefeller family, he was also a noted art collector, as well as administrator of Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York.

Title: Robert Nyce

Robert E. Nyce is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. A graduate of Northampton Area Senior High School, Northampton, PA and Moravian College, Bethlehem, PA for over twenty years he was a tax professional working at Lehigh Portland Cement Company, Allentown, PA from 1970 to 1973, Manager, Credit Taxes, Insurance and Payroll at Frick Company, Waynesboro, PA from 1973 to 1975, Senior Tax Accountant for Bethlehem Steel Corporation from 1975 to 1985 and Asst. Vice President, Taxes for Chrysler First, Inc., Allentown, PA from 1985 to 1990. He was a member of the Tax Executives Institute including Chairman of the State Tax Committee in the 1980s. During his private sector employment, Mr. Nyce was active in his community of East Allen Township. From 1979 to 1984 he served as a member and Chairman of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority and again from 2007 to 2013 as a member and Treasurer. From 2011 to 2013 Mr. Nyce negotiated and helped close the sale of the East Allen Township Municipal Authority's assets to The City of Bethlehem and the Bath Borough Municipal Authority thereby ensuring high quality service of water and sewer for the future for all residents of East Allen Township. From 1984 to 1990, Mr. Nyce served on the Northampton Area School District Board of Directors as member, Vice Chairman and Chairman. He also served on the Bethlehem Area Vocational Technical School Joint Operating Committee as member, Vice Chairman and Chairman. In both capacities, he was responsible for normal business operations and participated in union contract negotiations with staff. In 1990, Mr. Nyce ran for and was elected State Representative for the 138th PA House District encompassing parts of Northampton and Monroe Counties. During his three terms in the House of Representatives he served on several important committees: Education, Local Government, Fish and Game, Finance to name a few. In 1996 he ran for PA Auditor General in an unsuccessful bid to represent the people of PA as their financial watchdog. Following the campaign, he was hired as the Executive Director of the Pennsylvania Independent Regulatory Review Commission (IRRC). Mr. Nyce served for eight years in that capacity overseeing two major revisions to the Regulatory Review Act and many significant regulatory issues facing the residents of Pennsylvania. The PA IRRC reviews all regulations promulgated in PA and provides citizens an opportunity to comment on and affect those regulations prior to their promulgation by the state agency that authored the regulation. The two exceptions are the PA Fish and Boat Commission and the PA Game Commission which remain outside the regulatory review process. In 2005, Mr. Nyce retired from state government and now resides in Northampton County. He has been a member of the Free and Accepted Masons of PA since 1971 and the Rajah Shrine, Reading, PA since the mid-ninety's. Mr. Nyce is a past member of the Northampton Exchange Club. Mr. Nyce served in the U.S. Army from 1966 to 1969. Having completed his basic training at Fort Knox, Kentucky and Advanced Individual Training at Fort Lewis, Washington he was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Infantry Unit, "The Old Guard" at Arlington National Cemetery where he served for about two and one half years attaining the rank of Staff Sergeant, E-6 before taking an early release to return to Moravian College in September 1969. While serving at Arlington, SSG Nyce participated in former President Dwight D. Eisenhower's funeral, President Nixon's Inauguration and Robert F. Kennedy's Funeral.

Title: President pro tempore of the United States Senate

The president pro tempore of the United States Senate ( or ), also president pro tem, is the second-highest-ranking official of the United States Senate. of the United States Constitution provides that the Vice President of the United States is, despite not being a senator, the President of the Senate, and mandates that the Senate must choose a president "pro tempore" to act in the Vice President's absence. Unlike the vice president, the president pro tempore is an elected member of the Senate, able to speak or vote on any issue. Selected by the Senate at large, the president pro tempore has enjoyed many privileges and some limited powers. During the vice president's absence, the president pro tempore is empowered to preside over Senate sessions. In practice, neither the vice president nor the president pro tempore usually presides; instead, the duty of presiding officer is rotated among junior senators of the majority party to give them experience in parliamentary procedure.

Title: Executive Order 10925

Executive Order 10925, signed by President John F. Kennedy on March 6, 1961, required government contractors to "take affirmative action to ensure that applicants are employed and that employees are treated during employment without regard to their race, creed, color, or national origin." It established the President's Committee on Equal Employment Opportunity (PCEEO), which was chaired by then Vice President Lyndon Johnson. Vice Chair and Secretary of Labor Arthur Goldberg was in charge of the Committee's operations. This first implementation of Affirmative Action was meant to give equal opportunities in the workforce to all U.S. citizens, not to give special treatment to those discriminated against.

Title: Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission

The Gore-Chernomyrdin Commission, or U.S.-Russian Joint Commission on Economic and Technological Cooperation, was a United States and Russian Joint Commission developed to increase cooperation between the two countries in several different areas. The Commission was developed by the United States’ President Bill Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin at a summit in Vancouver in April 1993. Al Gore, the United States Vice President, and Victor Chernomyrdin, the Russian Prime Minister, were appointed as co-chairmen, and the committee derives its name from those two individuals. Before his appointment to the Commission, Chernomyrdin oversaw the Soviet national oil industry as minister from 1985-1989. After the fall of the Soviet Union, Chernomyrdin organized the Soviet oil industry into the Gazprom corporation.

Title: Jim Lentz

Jim Lentz is the chief executive officer for Toyota North America; president and chief operating officer of Toyota Motor North America, Inc. (TMA); and a senior managing officer of the parent company Toyota Motor Corporation (TMC) which is located in Japan. In that role Lentz manages all of Toyota’s North American affiliate companies which include TMA, Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. (TMS), and Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing, North America, Inc. (TEMA), which includes responsibilities for Toyota Motor Manufacturing Canada Inc. (TMMC), and oversight for Toyota Canada, Inc. (TCI). Lentz also serves as the chairman of the North American Executive Committee. This is composed of the top leaders from the affiliate companies. Most recently Lentz was the president and chief executive officer of TMS and senior vice president of TMA and served in a global advisory capacity as the managing officer for TMC. Before that he served as president and chief operating officer and executive vice president of TMS. Lentz previously held several executive positions including Toyota division group vice president and general manager where he oversaw all sales, logistics and marketing activities for Toyota and Scion regional sales offices and distributors. He also served as the group vice president of marketing for the Toyota division and vice president of Scion, and was responsible for the initial launch of a new line of vehicles. Lentz spent several years in the field as vice president and general manager of the Los Angeles region and before that general manager of the San Francisco region. Prior to his role as general manager Lentz was vice president of marketing services for CAT in Maryland. He has also held several other TMS positions, including field training manager, sales administration manager and truck sales team member. Lentz joined Toyota in 1982 as the merchandising manager for its Portland, Oregon region where he later became the distribution manager and field operations manager. He serves as chairman on the board of directors of The Global Automakers and is also a member of the executive advisory board for Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver (DU), his alma mater. He was named “Marketer of the Year” by Advertising Age in 2006, an Automotive News “All Star” in 2007 and honored at Industry Leader of the year.

Title: Alfred Balk

Alfred Balk (July 24, 1930 – November 25, 2010) was an American reporter, nonfiction author and magazine editor who wrote groundbreaking articles about housing segregation, the Nation of Islam, the environment and Illinois politics. His refusal to identify a confidential source led to a landmark court case. During a career-long emphasis on media improvement, he served on the Twentieth Century Fund's task force that established a National News Council, consulted for several foundations, served as secretary of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller's Committee on the Employment of Minority Groups in the News Media, and produced a film, "That the People Shall Know: The Challenge of Journalism", narrated by Walter Cronkite. He wrote and co-authored books on a variety of topics, ranging from the tax exempt status of religious organizations to globalization to the history of radio.

Title: Gordon Johndroe

Gordon Johndroe (born 1974) is vice president of Government Operations Communications at The Boeing Company. He was named to this position in November 2014 and is responsible for developing and implementing communications strategies associated with advocacy for the company’s products and businesses, as well as issues management and outreach to the Washington, D.C. news media and related constituencies. Johndroe previously worked at Lockheed Martin from 2013-2014 as Vice President for Worldwide Media Relations. He served as chief spokesperson for the corporation, counsels senior leaders on media engagements and oversees Lockheed Martin’s media relations campaigns and strategies. Prior to joining Lockheed Martin, he served as Deputy Assistant to President George W. Bush, Deputy Press Secretary and a spokesman for the United States National Security Council

Title: Lothian and Borders

Lothian and Borders is an area in south-east Scotland consisting of the East Lothian, City of Edinburgh, Midlothian, West Lothian areas (collectively known as Lothian) along with the Scottish Borders.

Title: Scottish Borders

The Scottish Borders (Scots: "The Mairches" , "The Marches") is one of 32 council areas of Scotland. It borders the City of Edinburgh, Dumfries and Galloway, East Lothian, Midlothian, South Lanarkshire, West Lothian and, to the south and east, Northumberland in England. The administrative centre of the area is Newtown St Boswells.

Title: Dirleton Kirk

Dirleton Kirk is situated to the north of the village green in Dirleton, in East Lothian, Scotland. Dirleton village lies on the south shore of the Firth of Forth 21 miles east of Edinburgh and two miles west of North Berwick on the A198 road. The church is at grid reference [ NT512842] .

Title: Dirleton

Dirleton (Scottish Gaelic 'Duighreach') is a village and parish in East Lothian, Scotland approximately 20 mi east of Edinburgh on the A198. It contains 7500 acre . Dirleton lies between North Berwick (east), Gullane (west), Fenton Barns (south) and the Yellowcraigs nature reserve, Archerfield Estate and the Firth of Forth (north). Gullane parish was joined to Dirleton parish in 1612 by an Act of Parliament because "Golyn (as it was anciently spelt) is ane decaying toun, and Dirleton is ane thriven place."

Title: Haddington, East Lothian

The Royal Burgh of Haddington (Scots: "Haidintoun" ) is a town in East Lothian, Scotland. It is the main administrative, cultural and geographical centre for East Lothian, which as a result of late-nineteenth century Scottish local government reforms, actually took the form of the county of Haddingtonshire for the period from 1889-1921. It lies about 20 mi east of Edinburgh. The name Haddington is Anglo-Saxon, dating from the sixth or seventh century AD when the area was incorporated into the kingdom of Bernicia. The town, like the rest of the Lothian region, was ceded by King Edgar of England and became part of Scotland in the tenth century. Haddington received burghal status, one of the earliest to do so, during the reign of David I (1124–1153), giving it trading rights which encouraged its growth into a market town.

Title: Yellowcraigs

Yellowcraig, less commonly known as Broad Sands Bay, is a coastal area of forest, beach and grassland in East Lothian, south-east Scotland. Yellowcraig is partly within the Firth of Forth Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). It is bordered to the north by the Firth of Forth, to the south by the village of Dirleton and Dirleton Castle, to the east by the North Berwick West Links golf course, and to the west by the Archerfield Estate and Links golf courses.

Title: Dirleton Castle

Dirleton Castle is a medieval fortress in the village of Dirleton, East Lothian, Scotland. It lies around 2 mi west of North Berwick, and around 19 mi east of Edinburgh. The oldest parts of the castle date to the 13th century, and it was abandoned by the end of the 17th century.

Title: Lord Haliburton of Dirleton

Lord Haliburton of Dirleton (or "Dirletoun") was a Scottish Lordship of Parliament created "circa." 1450 for Sir Walter de Haliburton, Lord High Treasurer of Scotland. The seat of Lord Haliburton was at Dirleton Castle in present-day East Lothian.

Title: St. Mary's Priory (Lothian)

St. Mary's Priory, North Berwick, was a monastery of nuns in medieval East Lothian, Scotland. Founded by Donnchad I, Earl of Fife (owner of much of northern East Lothian) around 1150, the priory lasted for more than four centuries, declining and disappearing after the Scottish Reformation. It had been endowed by the Earls of Carrick as well as the Earls of Fife, but over time lost its dependence on these and came to be controlled by the more locally based Home (or Hume) family, who eventually acquired the priory's lands as a free barony.

Title: John Home Robertson

John David Home Robertson (born 5 December 1948) is a Labour politician in Scotland. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Berwick and East Lothian and East Lothian from 1978 to 2001 and a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for East Lothian from 1999 until 2007.

Title: Trash Box

Trash Box is a 5-CD box set of mid-1960s garage rock and psychedelic rock recordings, primarily by American bands. This box set is similar to the earlier "Pebbles Box" (a 5-LP box set) and includes almost all of the same recordings in that box set (and in the same order), along with numerous bonus tracks at the end of each disc. Supposedly, "the Trash Box" collects the first five volumes of the CDs in the Pebbles series (i.e., those released by AIP Records, not to be confused with the 4 earlier CDs that were issued by ESD Records). However, as is generally true of the CD reissues of these five volumes (though not nearly to the same extent), the tracks differ significantly on all five discs as compared to both the original Pebbles LPs and the later Pebbles CDs in the corresponding volumes; and the surf rock rarities on "Pebbles, Volume 4" have been eschewed entirely. Overall, there are 109 tracks in the box set (excluding the introduction and ending cuts) as compared to 101 songs on the individual CDs and 72 tracks in the "Pebbles Box". Although most of the recordings on "the Trash Box" were released at some point on one of the individual Pebbles albums, several of the songs have not appeared elsewhere in the Pebbles series. Inexplicably, one of these songs is the well-known hit "I Fought the Law (but the Law Won)" by the Bobby Fuller Four (on Disc Four) – which is also included in the "Pebbles Box" – in place of the much rarer "Wine Wine Wine" by Bobby Fuller that appears on "Pebbles, Volume 2".

Title: Chrome, Smoke &amp; BBQ

Chrome, Smoke & BBQ is a box set by American blues-rock band ZZ Top, released in 2003. At the time of release, this box set was notable for using the original mixes for all of the tracks from the band's first five albums for the first time on the CD format. This box set, and the companion release "Rancho Texicano", were the only two CD releases which featured original mixes from "ZZ Top's First Album", "Rio Grande Mud", and "Tejas", aside from 1977's "The Best of ZZ Top" which features two tracks from "Rio Grande Mud" and one track from "First Album". " Tres Hombres" and "Fandango! " were reissued in their original mixes in 2006, and in 2013, Warner Brothers released the CD box set 'The Complete Studio Albums 1970-1990' which includes the first ten ZZ Top studio albums, all with the original mixes.

Title: Back to Mono (1958–1969)

Back to Mono (1958–1969) is a box set (4 compact discs or 5 vinyl LPs) compilation of the recorded work of record producer Phil Spector, through the 1960s, released in 1991 by ABKCO as #7118-2. The first track, "To Know Him Is to Love Him," released in 1958, features Spector performing as part of the group the Teddy Bears. Initially a vinyl album-sized package, the box contained a booklet with photographs, complete song lyrics, discographical information, and a reproduction of the essay on Spector by Tom Wolfe, "The First Tycoon of Teen." The package also contained a small, round, red "Back to Mono" pin.

Title: Live in Japan (John Coltrane album)

Live in Japan is a four-disc box set by American saxophonist John Coltrane and his last group, featuring the quintet of Coltrane, his wife/pianist Alice, saxophonist/bass clarinetist Pharoah Sanders, bassist Jimmy Garrison and drummer Rashied Ali. The 4-CD set compiles all the music issued as three albums in the seventies by Impulse! ; "Concert In Japan" (1973, US 2-LP, electronically processed for compatible quadrophonic/stereo), "Coltrane In Japan" (1974, Japan 3-LP (side six is blank), mono) and "Second Night In Tokyo" (1976, Japan 3-LP (side six contains an interview, mono). (Some of this material was also reissued as two 2-LP sets in 1980 by MCA under the titles "Coltrane In Tokyo Vol. 1" and "Coltrane In Tokyo Vol. 2") The first CD issues were by Impulse! Japan as two 2-CD sets: "Live In Japan Vol. 1" (same as "Coltrane In Japan") and "Live In Japan Vol. 2" (same as "Second Night In Tokyo"). The US 4-CD edition includes both of these volumes, with identical mastering from the original mono tapes. The side six interview from "Second Night In Tokyo" has never been reissued on any CD edition.

Title: Nashville Rebel (box set)

Nashville Rebel is a box set by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Records through Legacy Recordings in 2006. According to Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine, it is ""the first comprehensive, multi-label Waylon Jennings retrospective ever assembled", comprising ninety-two songs recorded between 1958 and 1994, with selections from the majority of the singer's recording career. The first track of the box set is the Buddy Holly-produced "Jole Blon," released in 1958, while the last is "I Do Believe," a song produced by Don Was that was included on The Highwaymen's 1995 release, "The Road Goes on Forever". The other material on the box set covers Jennings' career chronologically, with songs ranging from his years on RCA's roster to later compositions from his short-lived stay at Epic Records; it ignores, however, the tracks from Jennings albums released on independent labels. The majority of the singer's charting singles are included in the package, as are collaborations such as "Mamas Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up to Be Cowboys" with Willie Nelson and "Highwayman" with The Highwaymen. A notable addition is the previously unreleased "The Greatest Cowboy of Them All," a 1978 duet with Johnny Cash which was later recorded by Cash alone for "A Believer Sings the Truth" (1979) and "The Mystery of Life" (1991); two others, "It's Sure Been Fun" and "People in Dallas Got Hair," had never been released in the United States. "Nashville Rebel" was released on four CDs, with a 140-page booklet and liner notes by Rich Keinzle and Lenny Kaye.

Title: Radiohead Box Set

Radiohead Box Set is a box set of the first six studio albums and one live album by the English rock band Radiohead, released on 10 December 2007. The box set is available as a seven CD box set, a digital download and a 4GB USB Stick. The box set peaked at #95 in Canada's album charts.

Title: Mono Masters

Mono Masters is a compilation album by the Beatles, and is an alternate, all-mono version of the album "Past Masters". "Mono Masters" was originally a two-CD set included as part of "The Beatles in Mono" box set. The premise of this box set was to compile only Beatles material which was released or prepared for release with a dedicated mono mix (the set excludes later material mixed and released only in stereo, and material whose mono version was simply created as an equal mix of the two channels of the stereo version). As a result, the track listing for "Mono Masters" differs from "Past Masters" on the second half of disc two, omitting some later songs that never had a mono mix ("Old Brown Shoe", "The Ballad of John and Yoko" and "Let It Be"), and adding several songs released on stereo-only albums that had unreleased mono mixes. Tracks 9–12 and 15 were prepared in March 1969 for release as a 7" mono "Yellow Submarine" EP, two months after the release of the similarly titled soundtrack album, but the project was scrapped, although the EP was mastered. Subsequently, the tracks were only released in stereo (and in an electronically produced mono mixdown, or "fold-down", of the stereo mix), while the true mono mixes remained unreleased. "Get Back" (with B-side "Don't Let Me Down") was the final Beatles single mixed for mono format. It was released in the UK in mono, though the US release was in stereo. Thus, the songs that were originally released on stereo singles in the UK are omitted on this release.

Title: Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2

Led Zeppelin Boxed Set 2 is a double album released by Atlantic Records on 21 September 1993. This box set features the rest of the English rock band Led Zeppelin's catalogue not included in the 1990 4-CD box set "Led Zeppelin", all digitally remastered, including the previously unreleased studio track "Baby Come On Home". A 54-page booklet was also included with the release. Between this box set and the 4-CD box set every track from the band's nine studio albums are featured along with two BBC live recordings; the band's only non-LP b-side; and one studio outtake.

Title: To Know Him Is to Love Him

"To Know Him Is to Love Him" is a song written by Phil Spector, inspired by words on his father's tombstone, "To Know Him Was To Love Him." It was first recorded by the only vocal group of which he was a member, the Teddy Bears. Their recording spent three weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 singles chart in 1958, while reaching No. 2 on UK's "New Musical Express" chart. Peter & Gordon and Bobby Vinton later had hits with the song, with its title and lyrics changed to "To Know You Is to Love You". In 1987, the song was resurrected by Dolly Parton, Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris, whose "Trio" recording topped the U.S. country singles charts. The song is in 12/8 time.

Title: The Doors: Vinyl Box Set

The Doors: Vinyl Box Set is the seventh box set for the rock band The Doors. It is a 7 record set of the original 6 Doors albums, remastered in stereo from the original analogue tapes with a mono version of the debut album. Artwork, packaging, and inner sleeves are replicas of the originals from 1967-1971. The box set was originally planned to be released in October 2007, but was delayed due to a problem with the vinyl, as well as other problems in the production of the box set. The delay ran until February 2008. Reasons for the delay included faulty test pressings, inferiority of the L.A. Woman artwork, and bad compounds in the vinyl that was used first, which caused a search for a new source of virgin vinyl.

Title: Nikolai Podgorny

Nikolai Viktorovich Podgorny (Russian: Никола́й Ви́кторович Подго́рный ; ] , Ukrainian: Микола Вікторович Підгорний ; 18 February [O.S. 5 February] 1903 – 11 January 1983) was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War. He served as First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Ukraine from 1957 to 1963 and as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1965 to 1977. He was replaced as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet in 1977 by General Secretary Leonid Brezhnev. That same year he lost his seat in the Political Bureau (Politburo) and was forced to resign from active politics.

Title: Andrei Kirilenko (politician)

Andrei Pavlovich Kirilenko (Russian: Андре́й Па́влович Кириле́нко ; ] ; 8 September [O.S. 26 August] 1906 – 12 May 1990) was a Soviet statesman from the start to the end of the Cold War. In 1906, Kirilenko was born at Alexeyevka in Belgorod Oblast to a Ukrainian working-class family. He graduated in the 1920s from a local vocational school, and again in the mid-to-late 1930s from the Rybinsk Aviation Technology Institute. He became a member of the All-Union Communist Party (bolsheviks) in 1930. As many like him, Kirilenko climbed up the Soviet hierarchy through the "industrial ladder"; by the 1960s, he was Vice-Chairman of the Bureau of the Central Committee of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic (RSFSR). After Nikita Khrushchev's forced resignation, Kirilenko became Leonid Brezhnev's "chief lieutenant" within the Central Committee.

Title: MS Excelsior Neptune

MS "Excelsior Neptune" (originally, the "Feliks Dzerzhinskiy") was an ocean liner owned by the Soviet Union's Black Sea Shipping Company. She was built in 1958 by VEB Mathias-Thesen Werft, Wismar, East Germany, as one of the Mikhail Kalinin series of ships. It was named after Felix Dzerzhinsky, a Soviet statesman and founder of the Soviet secret police (Cheka).

Title: Mikhail Suslov

Mikhail Andreyevich Suslov (Russian: Михаи́л Андре́евич Су́слов ; 21 November [O.S. 8 November] 1902 25 January 1982) was a Soviet statesman during the Cold War. He served as Second Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1965, and as unofficial Chief Ideologue of the Party until his death in 1982. Suslov was responsible for party democracy and the power separation within the Communist Party. His hardline attitude toward change made him one of the foremost anti-reformist Soviet leaders.

Title: Ephraim Sklyansky

Ephraim Markovich Sklyansky (Russian: Эфраим Маркович Склянский ) (August 12 [O.S. July 31] 1892 - August 27, 1925) was a Soviet statesman. He joined the Bolsheviks during his years as a student in the medical faculty of Kiev University, from which he graduated in 1916; he was immediately drafted into the army, where he served as a doctor and became prominent in the clandestine military organizations of the Bolsheviks. At the time of the October Revolution he was a member of the Military Revolutionary Committee of the Petrograd Soviet; on meeting him in November, Leon Trotsky was so impressed with his "great creative "élan" combined with concentrated attention to detail" that he appointed him his deputy on the Revolutionary Military Council, where he served with distinction during the Russian Civil War (1918-1920) and helped improve the fighting condition of the Red Army—Trotsky called him the Carnot of the Russian Revolution. In 1924 his position as Trotsky's deputy was taken over by Grigory Zinoviev's ally Mikhail Frunze. Instead, he was made chairman of the Mossukno state textile trust, and the following May he left on a tour of Germany, France, and the United States to acquire technical information. On August 27, 1925 he died in a boating accident on Long Lake (New York) along with , the first head of Amtorg Trading Corporation. The high-ranking Soviet defector Boris Bazhanov was convinced that Sklyansky had been drowned on Stalin's orders, and the alleged accident had been organized by and Genrikh Yagoda.

Title: World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates

The World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates was initiated by Mikhail Gorbachev in the 90s, as a forum in which the Nobel Peace Laureates and the Peace Laureate Organizations could come together to address global issues with a view to encourage and support peace and human well being in the world. Its Permanent Secretariat is an independent, non-profit, ECOSOC non-governmental organization, based in Rome, operating on a permanent basis. A permanent staff, mainly composed of volunteers, promotes the work of the Nobel Peace Prize Winners and organizes the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates on a yearly basis. To date, the Permanent Secretariat has organized 16 Summits, the most recent having been held in February 2017 in the city of Bogota, Colombia. This was the first time that the Summit took place in Latin America.

Title: Anastas Mikoyan

Anastas Ivanovich Mikoyan ; 25 November 1895 – 21 October 1978) was an Old Bolshevik and Soviet statesman during the mandates of Lenin, Stalin, Khrushchev, and Brezhnev. He was the only Soviet politician who managed to remain at the highest levels of power within the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, as that power oscillated between the Central Committee and the Politburo, from the latter days of Lenin's rule, throughout the eras of Stalin and Khrushchev, until his peaceful retirement after the first months of Brezhnev's rule.

Title: Mikhail Gorbachev

Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev, ( ; Russian: Михаи́л Серге́евич Горбачёв ; ] ; born 2 March 1931) is a former Soviet statesman. He was the eighth and last leader of the Soviet Union, having been General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1985 until 1991. He was the country's head of state from 1988 until 1991 (titled as Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet from 1988 to 1989, as Chairman of the from 1989 to 1990, and as Soviet Union]] from 1990 to 1991).

Title: David Waksberg

David Jonathan Waksberg, born December 14, 1956 in New York City, was a leading activist in the Soviet Jewry Movement during the 1980s and early 1990s. In the 1970s he became involved in the Student Struggle for Soviet Jewry. In the early 1980s he moved to California and began working for the Bay Area Council for Soviet Jews, first as Assistant Director, and later as Executive Director. He initiated public and political activities on behalf of Soviet Jewry, supervised research and monitoring of their welfare and coordinated financial, medical and legal aid to Refuseniks and Prisoners of Conscience trapped in the Soviet Union. He organized numerous protest demonstrations and vigils to raise public awareness of the plight of Jews in the USSR. In 1985 Waksberg became National Vice-President of BACSJ's umbrella organization, the Union of Councils for Soviet Jews. Waksberg frequently visited Jewish communities the Soviet Union and the Former Soviet states and coordinated briefings of the American travelers interested in visiting those communities. In 1990 Waksberg took on the role of Director of the Center for Jewish Renewal, newly established by UCSJ. The mission of the CJR was to promote the renewal and development of Jewish life in the USSR and the emigration rights, human rights and resettlement needs of Jews in the Former Soviet Union. The CJR established a network of human rights and emigration bureaus in major cities of the former Soviet Union. In mid-1990s Waksberg was a member of Bay Area Council's Board of Directors and served as Director of Development and Communication of the UCSJ. Since 2007 Waksberg serves as Executive Director of the Bureau of Jewish Education of San Francisco.

Title: Sergo Mikoyan

Sergo Anastasi Mikoyan (Armenian: Սերգո Անաստասի Միկոյան ; Russian: Сергo Анаста́сович Микоян ; June 5, 1929 – March 7, 2010) was one of the Soviet Union's leading historians who specialized on the foreign policies of the Soviet Union and the United States in Latin America. He was the son of Anastas Mikoyan, an Old Bolshevik and high level Soviet statesman and adviser to Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev.

Title: Silene latifolia

Silene latifolia (formerly "Melandrium album"), the white campion is a dioecious flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae, native to most of Europe, Western Asia and Northern Africa. It is a herbaceous annual, occasionally biennial or a short-lived perennial plant, growing to between 40-80 centimetres tall. It is also known in the USA as bladder campion but should not be confused with "Silene vulgaris", which is more generally called Bladder Campion.

Title: Silene tomentosa

Silene tomentosa, the Gibraltar campion, is a very rare flowering plant of the genus "Silene" and the family Caryophyllaceae. It is a woody-based perennial about 40cm high, with bilobed flowers ranging from pink to pale violet and is endemic to Gibraltar.

Title: Silene conoidea

Silene conoidea is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names weed silene and large sand catchfly. It is native to Eurasia, and it is known in other parts of the world, such as western North America, as a weed. It is an annual herb growing up to a meter in height with a hairy, partially glandular stem. The lance-shaped leaves are up to 12 centimeters long near the base of the plant and smaller farther up. The flower is enclosed in an inflated, hairy, glandular calyx of fused sepals which is ridged with many veins. It is open at the top, revealing five bright pink petals.

Title: Silene

Silene is a genus of flowering plants in the family Caryophyllaceae. Containing approximately 700 species, it is the largest genus in the family. Common names include campion (which is shared with the related genus "Lychnis") and catchfly. Many "Silene" species are widely distributed, particularly in the northern hemisphere.

Title: Silene stenophylla

Silene stenophylla is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae. Commonly called narrow-leafed campion, it is a species in the genus "Silene". It grows in the Arctic tundra of far eastern Siberia and the mountains of Northern Japan. Frozen samples, estimated via radiocarbon dating to be around 32,000 years old, were discovered in the same area as current living specimens, and in 2012 a team of scientists successfully regenerated a plant from the samples.

Title: Silene menziesii

Silene menziesii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Menzies' campion and Menzies' catchfly. It is native to western North America from Alaska through the western half of Canada to the southwestern United States. It can be found in many types of habitat and it is quite common in much of its range. It is variable in morphology and there are a number of varied subtaxa. In general, it is a perennial herb growing from a caudex, appearing matlike, decumbent, or erect, with stems a few centimeters to over half a meter long. It is usually hairy in texture, with upper parts bearing sticky glandular hairs. The leaves are lance-shaped, oppositely arranged in pairs, and a few centimeters in length, upper leaves usually smaller than lower. Flowers may occur in a cyme at the top of the stem, or in leaf axils, or both. Each is encapsulated in a hairy, veined calyx of fused sepals. The petals are white with two lobes at the tips. The plant is dioecious with male and female plants producing different flowers. The male and female flower types look the same externally; the stamens are reduced in female plants and the stigmas are reduced in the male.

Title: Silene suksdorfii

Silene suksdorfii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names Suksdorf's silene, Suksdorf's catchfly and Cascade alpine campion. It is native to the Pacific Northwest of the United States, where it occurs from Washington and Idaho to northern California. It is mainly an alpine species, growing in the talus of high mountain slopes. It can also be found below the tree line in forested subalpine habitat. It is a squat perennial herb producing several erect stems from a leafy, woody caudex. It generally takes a clumpy form. The stems grow up to 10 or 15 centimeters tall and are hairy in texture, with glandular, sticky areas on the upper parts. The leaves occur in tufts around the caudex. They are fleshy and coated in soft hairs. Solitary flowers arise on erect peduncles. Each is encapsulated in an inflated calyx of fused sepals, which is starkly purple-veined and has purplish glandular hairs. The petals are white or purple-tinged and have two lobes at their tips and appendages at their bases.

Title: Ferocactus

Ferocactus is a genus of large barrel-shaped cacti, mostly with large spines and small flowers. There are about 30 species included in the genus. They are found in the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico.

Title: Silene antirrhina

Silene antirrhina is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common names sleepy silene and sleepy catchfly. It is native to the Americas, where it is widespread throughout North America and parts of South America. It is known in Europe as an introduced species.

Title: Sex determination in Silene

"Silene" are a flowering plant that evolved a dioecious reproductive system. This is made possible through heteromorphic sex chromosomes expressed as XY. "Silene" recently evolved sex chromosomes 5-10 million years ago and are widely used by geneticists and biologists to study the mechanisms of sex determination since they are one of only 39 species across 14 families of angiosperm that possess sex-determining genes. "Silene" are studied because of their ability to produce offspring with a plethora of reproductive systems. The common inference drawn from such studies is that the sex of the offspring is determined by the Y chromosome.

Title: No. 2 Squadron RAAF

No. 2 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) squadron that operates from RAAF Base Williamtown, near Newcastle, New South Wales. From its formation in 1916 as part of the Australian Flying Corps, it has flown a variety of aircraft types including fighters, bombers, and Airborne Early Warning & Control (AEW&C). During World War I, the squadron operated on the Western Front conducting fighter sweeps and ground-attack missions. It was disbanded in mid-1919, following the end of hostilities. The squadron was briefly re-raised in 1922 as part of the newly independent RAAF, but was disbanded after only a couple of months and not reformed until 1937. It saw action as a bomber unit in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II and, equipped with English Electric Canberra jets, in the Malayan Emergency and the Vietnam War. The squadron was again disbanded in 1982, following the retirement of the Canberra. It was re-formed in 2000 to operate the Boeing 737 AEW&C "Wedgetail". One of the six Boeing 737s was deployed to the Middle East in September 2014, as part of Australia's contribution to the military coalition against ISIS.

Title: South West Pacific theatre of World War II

The South West Pacific theatre, during World War II, was a major theatre of the war between the Allies and Japan. It included the Philippines, the Dutch East Indies (except for Sumatra), Borneo, Australia and its mandate Territory of New Guinea (including the Bismarck Archipelago) and the western part of the Solomon Islands. This area was defined by the Allied powers' South West Pacific Area (SWPA) command.

Title: English Electric Canberra

The English Electric Canberra is a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber that was manufactured during the 1950s. It was developed by English Electric during the mid-to-late 1940s in response to a 1944 Air Ministry requirement for a successor to the wartime de Havilland Mosquito fast-bomber. Amongst the performance requirements for the type was the demand for an outstanding high altitude bombing capability in addition to flying at high speeds. These were partly accomplished by making use of newly developed jet propulsion technology. When the Canberra was introduced to service with the Royal Air Force (RAF), the type's first operator, in May 1951, it became the service's first jet-powered bomber aircraft.

Title: Asiatic-Pacific Theater

The Asiatic-Pacific Theater, was the theater of operations of U.S. forces during World War II in the Pacific War during 1941-45. From mid-1942 until the end of the war in 1945, there were two U.S. operational commands in the Pacific. The Pacific Ocean Areas (POA), divided into the Central Pacific Area, the North Pacific Area and the South Pacific Area, were commanded by Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, Commander-in-Chief Pacific Ocean Areas. The South West Pacific Area (SWPA) was commanded by General Douglas MacArthur, Supreme Allied Commander South West Pacific Area. During 1945, the United States added the United States Strategic Air Forces in the Pacific, commanded by General Carl A. Spaatz.

Title: Savoia-Marchetti SM.79

The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 "Sparviero" (Italian for sparrowhawk) was a three-engined Italian medium bomber with a wood-and-metal structure. Originally designed as a fast passenger aircraft, between 1937 and 1939 this low-wing monoplane set 26 world records, qualifying it for some time as the fastest medium bomber in the world. It first saw action during the Spanish Civil War and flew on all fronts in which Italy was involved during World War II. It achieved success as a torpedo bomber in the Mediterranean theater, and became the best-known Italian aeroplane of the war. It was easily recognizable due to its distinctive fuselage dorsal "hump", and was well liked by its crews, who nicknamed it "il gobbo maledetto" ("damned hunchback").

Title: South West Pacific Area (command)

South West Pacific Area (SWPA) was the name given to the Allied supreme military command in the South West Pacific Theatre of World War II. It was one of four major Allied commands in the Pacific War. SWPA included the Philippines, Borneo, the Dutch East Indies (excluding Sumatra), East Timor, Australia, the Territories of Papua and New Guinea, and the western part of the Solomon Islands. It primarily consisted of United States and Australian forces, although Dutch, Filipino, British and other Allied forces also served in the SWPA.

Title: Tupolev Tu-12

The Tupolev Tu-12 (development designation Tu-77) was an experimental Soviet jet-powered medium bomber developed from the successful piston-engined Tupolev Tu-2 bomber after the end of World War II. It was designed as a transitional aircraft to familiarize Tupolev and the VVS with the issues involved with jet-engined bombers.

Title: No. 12 Squadron RAAF

No. 12 Squadron was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) general purpose, bomber and transport squadron. The squadron was formed in 1939 and saw combat in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II. From 1941 to 1943, it mainly conducted maritime patrols off northern Australia. The squadron was based at Merauke in western New Guinea from November 1943 to July 1944, when it was withdrawn from operations. After being re-equipped, it operated as a heavy bomber unit from February 1945 until the end of the war. The squadron continued in this role until it was redesignated No. 1 Squadron RAAF in February 1948. The squadron was reformed in 1973 to operate transport helicopters but was again disbanded in 1989.

Title: Coastwatchers

The Coastwatchers, also known as the Coast Watch Organisation, Combined Field Intelligence Service or Section C, Allied Intelligence Bureau, were Allied military intelligence operatives stationed on remote Pacific islands during World War II to observe enemy movements and rescue stranded Allied personnel. They played a significant role in the Pacific Ocean theatre and South West Pacific theatre, particularly as an early warning network during the Guadalcanal campaign.

Title: Edwin A. Doss

Edwin A. Doss (September 14, 1914January 7, 1996) was an American fighter pilot and commander in the U.S. Air Force during World War II and Korean War. Logging more than 4,500 flying hours, Doss flew 573 combat hours and accrued 280 combat missions during his leadership in the South West Pacific Theatre and Korean War. For his two-year service as commander of the 35th Fighter Group during World War II, Doss was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross, Legion of Merit, and the Air Medal. He received his second Legion of Merit and the Korean Ulchi medal with a Silver Star for his assignments as commander of the 49th Fighter Bomber Wing and the 3rd Bomber Wing at Kunsan, Korea. Colonel Doss’s service has been cited as integral to the development of long-range fighter tactics in the South West Pacific Theater.

Title: 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team

The 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2016–17 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. They were led by head coach Tad Boyle in his seventh season at Colorado. The Buffaloes played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado as members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 19–15, 8–10 in Pac-12 play to finish in seventh place. They defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Arizona. They were invited to the National Invitation Tournament where the lost in the first round to UCF.

Title: 2015–16 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team

The 2015–16 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2015–16 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was Tad Boyle's sixth season as head coach at Colorado. The Buffaloes played their home games at Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado and were members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 22–12, 10–8 in Pac-12 play to finish in fifth place. The defeated Washington State in the first round of the Pac-12 Tournament to advance to the quarterfinals where they lost to Arizona. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament where they lost in the first round to Connecticut.

Title: 2009 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2009 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS college football season. The Buffaloes were led by fourth year head coach Dan Hawkins and played their home games at Folsom Field. The Buffaloes finished the season with a record of 3–9 and 2–6 in Big 12 play.

Title: 2015 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2015 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by third-year head coach Mike MacIntyre, the Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder and were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 4–9, 1–8 in Pac-12 play to finish in last place in the South Division.

Title: 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2012 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado Boulder during the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by second-year head coach and alumnus Jon Embree, the Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder and were members of the Pac-12 Conference. On November 25, 2012, head coach Jon Embree was fired after compiling a 4–21 record including 1–11 in his final year, the worst year in the history of Colorado Buffaloes football.

Title: 1989 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 1989 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 1989 NCAA Division I-A football season. Colorado finished with the most wins in school history, surpassing the 1971 team, and their first conference championship since 1976. The Buffaloes played for the national title but lost to Notre Dame in the Orange Bowl. The team dedicated the season to senior and former starting quarterback Sal Aunese, who was diagnosed with stomach cancer in February and died on September 23 due to complications from the disease.

Title: 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2011 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by first-year head coach and alumnus Jon Embree, the Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder and were first-year members of the newly expanded Pac-12 Conference. They finished with a record of 3–10, 2–7 in Pac-12 play, in a tie for last place in the South Division.

Title: 2014 Colorado Buffaloes football team

The 2014 Colorado Buffaloes football team represented the University of Colorado at Boulder during the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by second-year head coach Mike MacIntyre, the Buffaloes played their home games on-campus at Folsom Field in Boulder and were members of the South Division of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 2–10, 0–9 in Pac-12 play to finish in last place in the South Division.

Title: 2009 Big 12 Conference football season

The 2009 Big 12 Conference football season was the 14th season for the Big 12, as part of the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season.

Title: 2014–15 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team

The 2014–15 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team represented the University of Colorado in the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. This was Tad Boyle's fifth year as head coach at Colorado. The Buffaloes played their home games at the Coors Events Center in Boulder, Colorado as members of the Pac-12 Conference. They finished the season 16–18, 7–11 in Pac-12 play to finish in a three way tie for eighth place. They advanced to the quarterfinals of the Pac-12 Tournament where they lost to Oregon. They were invited to the College Basketball Invitational where they defeated Gardner–Webb in the first round before losing in the second round to Seattle.

Title: Selver

Selver is a chain of supermarkets and hypermarkets operating in Estonia. Selver is a subsidiary of Tallinna Kaubamaja. The chain was established in 1995 with the opening of Punane Selver in Lasnamäe, Tallinn. Expansion outside of Tallinn began on 10 May 2002 with the opening of Mai Selver in Pärnu. Since 18 December 2008 Selver also operated in Latvia, but in the end of 2009 due to the financial crisis Selver was forced to close all its 6 supermarkets in Latvia. There are currently 44 stores in operation all over Estonia (as of December 2014).

Title: Holiday Inn Lake Buena Vista Downtown

Holiday Inn Orlando - Disney Springs Area is a resort hotel located on the property of Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida. It is near the Disney Springs district on Hotel Plaza Boulevard. The hotel opened in February 1973 as a Howard Johnson's; it was expanded in 1978. It remained part of the chain until 1994. In 1995 it was bought by Host Marriott Corporation and operated as a Courtyard by Marriott hotel until 2003. Holiday Inn bought the resort in December 2003. The hotel closed on August 14, 2004 after Hurricane Charley caused extensive damage when it blew through Florida. It was owned by CIG LBV LLC and stayed under the Holiday Inn brand, part of the InterContinental Hotels Group PLC, when it reopened on February 12, 2010 after a reportedly $35 million renovation. On December 9, 2016, the hotel was sold and from then on operated and managed by Interstate Hotels & Resorts, still operating under the Holiday Inn brand. The resort has 323 rooms, a heated swimming pool and a hot tub. The hotel also has a view of the Disney Springs area and the rest of the Walt Disney World Resort from certain areas of the hotel.

Title: Tesco Extra

Tesco Extra is a chain of mainly out-of-town hypermarkets, owned and operated by the United Kingdom's largest retailer, Tesco.

Title: Tazweed Center

Tazweed Center is a chain of independently owned and operated hypermarkets operating in the Syrian refugee camps. The word "tazweed" translates as "resupply".

Title: Carrefour

Carrefour S.A. (] ) is a French multinational retailer headquartered in Boulogne Billancourt, France, in the Hauts-de-Seine Department near Paris. It is one of the largest hypermarket chains in the world (with 1,462 hypermarkets at the end of 2016). Carrefour operates in more than 30 countries, in Europe, the Americas, Asia and Africa. Carrefour means "crossroads" and "public square" in French. The company is a component of the Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index.

Title: John A. Brown (department store)

John A. Brown was an Oklahoman department store chain. It operated under that name from 1932, when its founder bought out its predecessor and renamed the chain for himself. After Mr. Brown died in 1940, his widow took over management until her own death in 1967, forcing a change in ownership. Dayton-Hudson, another retail company, but continued operating the chain under its own name, until 1984, when Dayton-Hudson sold the Brown chain to Dillard's, another national chain, which combined all of the Brown stores under its own name. The flagship store on West Main Street was closed in 1974 and was subsequently razed as part of an urban renewal project. The project was supposed to result in a new shopping center known as the Galleria. However, the project was never completed, so the Brown chain never returned to downtown.

Title: SavaCentre

SavaCentre was a chain of 13 hypermarkets and later a further seven discount supermarkets owned and operated jointly by Sainsbury's and BHS, beginning in 1977. Sainsbury's later took full control of the stores alone in 1989, rebranding them as Sainsbury’s SavaCentre, until 2005 when the stores were integrated into the Sainsbury's supermarket brand. The hypermarket stores ranged in size from 66,000 sqft to 117,000 sqft and the discount supermarkets ranged in size from 31,000 sqft to 70,000 sqft . At the time of its inception, it was the only dedicated hypermarket chain in the UK.

Title: Uno-X

Uno-X is a chain of unmanned fuel stations throughout Norway and Denmark. It is operated as the low-cost section of YX Energi. The chain was originally created as a low cost chain in Denmark in the late 1950s. The rights to use the name in Sweden were sold to Britain's Burmah Oil. In 1991 Norsk Hydro acquired the 330 outlets of the Danish operation and five years later it bought the Swedish Uno-X chain from Burmah.

Title: Euromarché

Euromarché ("Euromarket") was a French hypermarket chain. The first store opened in 1968 in Saint-Michel-sur-Orge. In June 1991, the group was rebought by its rival, Carrefour, for 5,2 billion francs.

Title: Lewis's

Lewis's was a chain of British department stores that operated from 1856 to 2010. The parent companies of Lewis's have gone into administration many times over the years, including 1991. The first store, which opened in Liverpool city centre, became the flagship of the chain of stores operating under the Lewis's name. Several stores in the chain were bought in 1991 by the company Owen Owen and continued to operate under the Lewis's brand name for several years, but after the closure of the Manchester store in 2002, only the original Liverpool store continued to trade under the Lewis's name. This store was sold in 2007 to the Vergo Retail Ltd and closed in 2010.

Title: Subway 400

The Subway 400 was the second race of the NASCAR Winston Cup Series season until 2004, held a week after the Daytona 500. This 400-mile (644 km) annual race was sponsored by Subway and was held at North Carolina Speedway ("The Rock") since 1966. From 1966 to 1995, a 500-mile (805-km) race was held; the race was known as the Peach Blossom 500 (1966), the Carolina 500 (1967–1985), and the Goodwrench 500 (1986–1995). In 1996, the race was shortened to its current distance of 400 miles; the 400 mile race was called the Goodwrench Service 400 (1996–1997), the GM Goodwrench Service Plus 400 (1998), the Dura Lube/Big K 400 (1999), the Dura Lube/Kmart 400 (2000), the Dura Lube 400 (2001), and the Subway 400 (2002–2004).

Title: Carolina Dodge Dealers 400

The Carolina Dodge Dealers 400 was the annual spring NASCAR Sprint Cup race held at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina, USA. A 100 mi race was held in May at the track in 1952, however the event did not become a regular one on the NASCAR schedule until 1957, as a 300 mi race in the Convertible Division, known as the Rebel 300. In 1966, the race was expanded to 400 mi , and in 1973 to 500 mi . In 1994, the race was returned to 400 miles. In 2005, as part of the settlement of the Ferko lawsuit and as part of a schedule realignment, Darlington was forced to contract to one race date, with the 500 mile race (the famous Southern 500) moving to Mother's Day weekend. The 400 mile race was eliminated, although Dodge's sponsorship was transferred to the 500 miler.

Title: Louis Schwitzer Award

The Louis Schwitzer Award is presented annually to an engineer, or a team of engineers, for excellence in the design, development and implementation of new, innovative motorsports technology concepts for use in the Indianapolis 500 Mile Race. The focus of this award is on those concepts that improve the performance, safety, or energy efficiency of racing cars, related components and systems, or driver and race track support equipment.

Title: Indianapolis Motor Speedway

The Indianapolis Motor Speedway is an automobile racing circuit located in Speedway, Indiana, (an enclave suburb of Indianapolis) in the United States. It is the home of the Indianapolis 500 and the Brickyard 400, and formerly the home of the United States Grand Prix. It is located on the corner of 16th Street and Georgetown Road, approximately 6 mi west of Downtown Indianapolis.

Title: Lean Horse Ultramarathon

The Lean Horse Ultramarathon is run in August every year in the Black Hills of South Dakota. It was first run in 2005. It features a 100-mile race, a 50-mile race, and a 50-kilometer race. Most of the course is on the George S. Mickelson Trail. It was the 33rd sanctioned 100-mile race in the United States and is known as one of the easiest hundred mile races in the country.

Title: Orange County Fair Speedway

Orange County Fair Speedway is a five-eighths mile dirt oval speedway in Middletown, Orange County, New York. The facility holds weekly stock car races and demolition derbies during the summer months. The track was built in 1857 for horse racing at the Orange County Fair and staged its first automobile race on August 16, 1919. The fair began as an agricultural exhibit in 1843 and was permanently located in the Wallkill–Middletown area in 1857. The speedway is located at 239 Wisner Avenue in Middletown on land which was known as The Ogden Tract in the mid-1850s. It was originally a half-mile horse racing track known as the Harry Clay Oval, named after a race horse that was famous at that time. Over the years, the track was widened and lengthened to a true 5/8-mile race track.

Title: Johnny Rutherford

John Sherman "Johnny" Rutherford III (born March 12, 1938), also known as "Lone Star JR", is an American former automobile racing driver. He is one of ten drivers to win the prestigious Indianapolis 500 mile race at least three times, winning in 1974, 1976, and 1980.

Title: 1957 Indianapolis 500

The 41st International 500-Mile Sweepstakes was held at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway on Thursday, May 30, 1957. The event was part of the 1957 USAC National Championship Trail and it was race 3 of 8 in the 1957 World Championship of Drivers.

Title: 1964 Armstrong 500

The 1964 Armstrong 500 was a production car race held on 4 October 1964 at the Mount Panorama Circuit just outside Bathurst in New South Wales, Australia. The 500 mile race was open to Australian built production sedans of which 100 examples had been registered. It was the fifth Armstrong 500 and the second to be held at Bathurst although it is commonly referred to as the fifth "Bathurst 500".

Title: Allison Transmission

Allison began in 1909 when James A. Allison, along with three business partners, helped found and build the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. In 1911, Allison’s new track held the first Indianapolis 500 mile race. In addition to funding several race teams, Jim Allison established his own racing team in 1915 and quickly gained a reputation for his work on race cars and automotive technology in general.

Title: Ron Bottcher

Ron Bottcher (11 May 1940 – 12 April 1991) was an American operatic baritone who was actively performing with both the New York City Opera (NYCO) and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s. A native of Sandpoint, Idaho, he earned music degrees from the University of Montana and the Curtis Institute of Music. He made his debut at the Santa Fe Opera in the summer of 1961, where he portrayed the roles of Leopold in Richard Strauss' "Der Rosenkavalier", Marcello in Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème", and the Head waiter in Paul Hindemith's "Neues vom Tage". His roles at the NYCO included Escamillo in Georges Bizet's "Carmen" and Sharpless in Puccini's "Madama Butterfly" among others. At the Met he created roles in the world premieres of Samuel Barber's "Antony and Cleopatra" and Marvin David Levy's "Mourning Becomes Electra". He died at the age of 50 at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan of AIDS related illness.

Title: La Bohème (1988 film)

La bohème (also known as "La bohème de Puccini") is a 1988 Italian-French film of an opera directed by Luigi Comencini. It is based on Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème".

Title: Gianni Schicchi

Gianni Schicchi (] ) is a comic opera in one act by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by Giovacchino Forzano, composed in 1917–18. The libretto is based on an incident mentioned in Dante's "Divine Comedy". The work is the third and final part of Puccini's "Il trittico" (The Triptych)—three one-act operas with contrasting themes, originally written to be presented together. Although it continues to be performed with one or both of the other "trittico" operas, "Gianni Schicchi" is now more frequently staged either alone or with short operas by other composers. The aria "O mio babbino caro" is one of Puccini's best known, and one of the most popular arias in opera.

Title: Franco Corelli

Franco Corelli (8 April 1921 – 29 October 2003) was an Italian tenor who had a major international opera career between 1951 and 1976. Associated in particular with the spinto and dramatic tenor roles of the Italian repertory, he was celebrated universally for his powerhouse voice, electrifying top notes, clear timbre, passionate singing and remarkable performances. Dubbed the "Prince of tenors", Corelli possessed handsome features and a charismatic stage presence which endeared him to audiences. He had a long and fruitful partnership with the Metropolitan Opera in New York City between 1961 and 1975. He also appeared on the stages of most of the major opera houses in Europe and with opera companies throughout North America.

Title: O mio babbino caro

"O mio babbino caro " ("Oh My Beloved Father") is a soprano aria from the opera "Gianni Schicchi" (1918) by Giacomo Puccini to a libretto by Giovacchino Forzano. It is sung by Lauretta after tensions between her father Schicchi and the family of Rinuccio, the boy she loves, have reached a breaking point that threatens to separate her from Rinuccio. It provides an interlude expressing lyrical simplicity and single-hearted love in contrast with the atmosphere of hypocrisy, jealousy, double-dealing, and feuding in the medieval Florence of Puccini's only comedy. It provides the only set-piece in the through-composed opera.

Title: La fanciulla del West

La fanciulla del West ("The Girl of the West") is an opera in three acts by Giacomo Puccini to an Italian libretto by and , based on the play "The Girl of the Golden West" by the American author David Belasco. "Fanciulla" followed "Madama Butterfly", which was also based on a Belasco play. The opera has fewer of the show-stopping highlights that are characteristic of other Puccini works, but is admired for its impressive orchestration and for a score that is more melodically integrated than is typical of his previous work. "Fanciulla" displays influences from composers Claude Debussy and Richard Strauss, without being in any way imitative. Similarities between the libretto and the work of Richard Wagner have also been found, though some attribute this more to the original plot of the play, and have asserted that the opera remains quintessentially Italian.

Title: Tosca (1956 film)

Tosca is a 1956 Italian musical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Franca Duval, Afro Poli and Franco Corelli. It is based on the opera "Tosca" by Giacomo Puccini. It was made at Cinecittà in Rome.

Title: Festival Puccini

The Festival Puccini (Puccini Festival) is an annual summer opera festival held in July and August to present the operas of the famous Italian composer Giacomo Puccini.

Title: Cesira Ferrani

Cesira Ferrani (May 8, 1863 in Turin – May 4, 1943 in Pollone) was an Italian operatic soprano who is best known for debuting two of the most iconic roles in opera history, Mimì in the original 1896 production of Giacomo Puccini's "La bohème" and the title role in Puccini's "Manon Lescaut" in its 1893 world premiere. Ferrani sang a wide repertoire that encompassed not only verismo opera but the works of composers like Verdi, Gounod, Wagner, and Debussy.

Title: Jacopo Puccini

Jacopo (Giacomo) Puccini (] ; 26 January 1712 16 May 1781) was an 18th-century Italian composer who lived and worked primarily in Lucca, Tuscany. He was the first of five generations of composers, the most famous of whom was his great-great-grandson, the opera composer Giacomo Puccini.

Title: Halcyon (album)

Halcyon is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, released on 5 October 2012 by Polydor Records. It was recorded between 2011 and 2012, during promotion of her debut album, "Lights" (2010). Goulding worked with several producers on the album, including Jim Eliot, Starsmith, Billboard, Justin Parker, MONSTA, Madeon and Mike Spencer, in addition to collaborating with artists such as Tinie Tempah and Calvin Harris.

Title: Love Me like You Do

"Love Me like You Do" is a song recorded by English singer Ellie Goulding for the "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2015). The song was written by Savan Kotecha, Ilya Salmanzadeh, Tove Lo, Max Martin and Ali Payami; the latter two also produced it. Goulding was selected to sing the track. It was released on 7 January 2015 as the second single from the soundtrack. The song was also included on Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium" (2015).

Title: Outside (Calvin Harris song)

"Outside" is a song by Scottish DJ and record producer Calvin Harris from his fourth studio album, "Motion" (2014). The song features English singer Ellie Goulding and was released on 20 October 2014 as the fourth single from the album. It marks the second collaboration between Harris and Goulding, following the single "I Need Your Love" (2013). "Outside" is also included on the deluxe edition of Goulding's third studio album, "Delirium".

Title: On My Mind (Ellie Goulding song)

"On My Mind" is a song by English singer Ellie Goulding from her third studio album "Delirium" (2015). It was released as the album's lead single on 17 September 2015. It was written by Goulding, Max Martin, Savan Kotecha and Ilya Salmanzadeh. "On My Mind" is an electropop and R&B song whose instrumentation consists of scratchy guitars, trap drums, slapped beats and sharp, syncopated electronica. Lyrically, "On My Mind" talks about a one-night stand with someone the protagonist shouldn't be with, having a dichotomy between heart and head. Though firmly denied by Goulding, many critics considered it an answer song to Ed Sheeran's "Don't".

Title: Army (Ellie Goulding song)

"Army" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding from her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015). The song was released on 9 January 2016 as the album's second single.

Title: Delirium World Tour

The Delirium World Tour is the third headlining concert tour by British singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding to promote her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015). The tour consists of 4 legs, European, North American, Summer Festivals and Oceanic. Including 89 dates, 88 cities, The tour commenced on 21 January 2016, at Barclaycard Arena in Hamburg, Germany and concluded on 12 May 2017, at OLM Souissi in Rabat, Morocco as a part of the Mawazine Festival.

Title: Flashlight (DJ Fresh song)

"Flashlight" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding featuring production work from DJ Fresh, released as the fourth single from Fresh's forthcoming fourth studio album. It was released on 28 September 2014 in the United Kingdom as a single, although it was previously out on Goulding's album from 2013. The song features English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding and also included as one of the tracks on Goulding's "Halcyon Days" (2013), the reissue of her second studio album, "Halcyon" (2012). The Invisible Men assisted the artists in writing the song.

Title: Delirium (Ellie Goulding album)

Delirium is the third studio album by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding, released on 6 November 2015 by Polydor Records. Music critics were generally impressed by the overall production of the record, although they were ambivalent in regards to its originality. It debuted at number three on the UK Albums Chart and the US "Billboard" 200, earning Goulding her highest-charting record in the latter country and her highest first-week sales figures in both territories. The album spawned three singles: "On My Mind", "Army" and "Something in the Way You Move".

Title: Something in the Way You Move

"Something in the Way You Move" is a song by English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding from her third studio album, "Delirium" (2015). The song was serviced to contemporary hit radio in the United States on 19 January 2016 as the album's second single in North America, and third overall. It reached number 51 on the UK Singles Chart and number 43 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Title: List of songs recorded by Ellie Goulding

English singer and songwriter Ellie Goulding has recorded songs for three studio albums and guest features. After signing a contract with record label Polydor Records in July 2009, Goulding began to work on her debut studio album, "Lights", which was ultimately released in February 2010. The first single released from the album was "Under the Sheets", which Goulding wrote in collaboration with Starsmith. Starsmith co-wrote four other songs and served as the album's primary producer. Goulding also collaborated with Jonny Lattimer on the singles "Starry Eyed" and "The Writer", and shared writing credits with Fraser T Smith on "Your Biggest Mistake". In November 2010, the singer re-released "Lights" as "Bright Lights", which included the standard version of the album and several new songs. She collaborated with Richard Stannard and Ash Howes on "Lights" and recorded a cover version of Elton John's "Your Song". At this time, Goulding also contributed guest vocals on the song "Wonderman" for Tinie Tempah's debut studio album "Disc-Overy" (2010).

Title: Sainik School Balachadi, Jamnagar

The Sainik School Balachadi ("Hindi: सैनिक शाला बालाचडी" ), Jamnagar, Gujarat, is one of the Top Sainik School in the Chain of 26 Sainik Schools in India. It is one of the boarding school for public education in Gujarat.It was established in July 1961 by then the Honorable Prime Minister Sri Lal Bahadur Shastri. It is an elite English medium, fully residential boarding school for boys providing Premium public school education with a Military bias up to 10+2 stage as per the Central Board of Secondary Education. The Chain of Sainik Schools in India was established as a prime focus of strengthening the Armed Forces and All India Services IAS & IPS, and other fields of Public services. The School is Located at a distance of 32 km from the main city of Jamnagar alongside a coastal area. The campus facing the Gulf of Kutch is encompassed with a Bungalow of The Ruler of Nawanagar Maharaja Jam Shaheb Digvijaysinhji Ranjitsinhji, Sachana Ship Breaking Yard and a natural sea beach.

Title: PNG solution

The Regional Resettlement Arrangement between Australia and Papua New Guinea, colloquially known as the PNG solution, is the name given to an Australian government policy in which any asylum seeker who comes to Australia by boat without a visa will be refused settlement in Australia, instead being settled in Papua New Guinea if they are found to be legitimate refugees. The policy includes a significant expansion of the Australian immigration detention facility on Manus Island, where refugees will be sent to be processed prior to resettlement in Papua New Guinea, and if their refugee status is found to be non-genuine, they will be either repatriated, sent to a third country other than Australia or remain in detention indefinitely. The policy was announced on 19 July 2013 by Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Papua New Guinean Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, effective immediately, in response to a growing number of asylum seeker boat arrivals. The then Opposition Leader Tony Abbott initially welcomed the policy, while Greens leader Christine Milne and several human rights advocate groups opposed it, with demonstrations protesting the policy held in every major Australian city after the announcement.

Title: Cotter High School (Winona, Minnesota)

Cotter High School is the sole Roman Catholic High School in Winona, Minnesota, and is one of the first in the state. Today, Cotter Schools consists of the Cotter High School and Cotter Junior High School. The school opened its doors on September 5, 1911 as the "Cotter School for Boys". Cotter, named for the diocese’s first bishop, Bishop Joseph Bernard Cotter, was a boys school directed by the Christian Brothers of Saint John Baptist de La Salle. In 1952, the Brothers turned the operation of the school over to the diocese and Cotter became co-educational with the combining of the Cathedral Girls High School. In 1953 a new Cotter building was erected and in 1962 an addition was added. In 1992, with help from an endowment from the Hiawatha Education Foundation, the school moved to its current location on the campus of the former College of Saint Teresa, allowing it to add a boarding school component.

Title: Marion, South Australia

Marion is a suburb in the City of Marion in Adelaide around 10 km south-west of the CBD. Founded as a rural village in 1838 on the banks of the Sturt River, Marion was found to have rich soil and the population expanded rapidly. Colonel William Light laid out the plan for the village, as he had done with the City of Adelaide itself.

Title: Princeton High School (Illinois)

Princeton High School was founded in 1867 and graduated its first class in 1869. The school was started as a boarding school and taught subjects as English, mathematics, history, and the sciences. The school was enlarged in both 1894 and 1908 in order to accommodate for increases in attendance. The school was completely destroyed by fire on December 15, 1924. Plans were then drawn up to build a new school, but in the mean time classes were held in City Hall, the Post Office, and the Christian and Mission Covenant Churches in Princeton. The new school opened its doors on September 27, 1926. The building, 350 ft long and 100 ft wide, contained twenty classrooms; an auditorium seating 1,100; a library; a science lecture room; chemistry, physics and botanical laboratories; and a gymnasium. The building is still in use today, though several additions and remodelings have taken place since then.

Title: Concho Indian Boarding School

Concho Indian Boarding School (also known as the Cheyenne-Arapaho Boarding School at Concho or Concho Indian School and home to the Concho Demonstration School) was a boarding school for members of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes and later opened to other Native American students. It existed from 1909 to 1983. It was located in central Oklahoma, approximately 1 mile south of Concho, Oklahoma and 4 miles north of El Reno, Oklahoma. The name of the town and school is the Spanish word for "shell" and was named for the Indian agent, Charles E. Shell.

Title: Grace Church School

Grace Church School is a private school whose original building is located at 86 Fourth Avenue between East 10th and East 12th Streets in the East Village neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan in New York City. The school was founded in 1894 by the Grace Church as the first choir boarding school in New York City. The private day school, which much resembles the school today, began in 1934. Grace Church School's High School Division opened in 2012 and is located at 46 Cooper Square. In the 2015-16 school year, the school opened for the first time as a Junior Kindergarten through 12th grade program.

Title: Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School

Vishwajyoti Higher Secondary School was initially established in the year 2051 B.S (1994 A.D) by a group of highly experienced professional in the field of education at Pragatinagar – 3, Nawalparasi, Nepal, in collaboration with Nawal English Boarding School, established at Rajhar V.D.C. in the year 2039 B.S (1982 A.D) to promote it from Primary Level to Secondary Level and was run under the name of Nawal English Boarding School (NEBS) upto 2056 B.S (1999 A.D). NEBS was later merged into Vishwa Jyoti English Boarding School in the year 2057 B.S (2000 A.D). In the year 2064 B.S (2007 A.D) the school upgraded itself to the Higher Secondary Level, affiliated to the Higher Secondary Education Board (H.S.E.B.) and started running classes in the science and management stream. official website

Title: Grennaskolan

Grennaskolan Boarding School is a Swedish boarding school located in Gränna, Jönköping County. Grennaskolan Boarding School was founded in 1963 by Stockholm University and has today approximately 200 students, half of whom are boarding school students and half of whom are international students.

Title: Westminster School, Adelaide

Westminster School is an independent, Uniting Church, Early Learning to Year 12, coeducational, day and boarding school located at Marion, South Australia, 12 km south of Adelaide. Founded as a Methodist day and boarding school for boys, the school was opened by the Prime Minister Robert Menzies in 1961 and is named after Westminster School in London. The school became co-educational in 1978, and has a current enrolment of around 1150 students.

Title: Raimund Harmstorf

Raimund Harmstorf (7 October 1939 in Hamburg – 3 May 1998 in Marktoberdorf) was a German actor. He became famous as the protagonist of a German TV mini series based on Jack London's the Sea-Wolf (which was sold into many countries) and starred later on successfully in another German TV series based on Jules Verne's Michael Strogoff.

Title: Rising Star (France)

Rising Star is a French musical television competition series based on the Rising Star contest series based on the Israeli programme "HaKokhav HaBa". The TV viewers become the instant ultimate juries with expert panelists given only a nominal percentage weight in voting. The French rights were bought by specialized music-oriented station M6.

Title: Iron Man (TV series)

Iron Man, also known as Iron Man: The Animated Series, is an American animated television series based on Marvel Comics' superhero Iron Man. The series aired from 1994 to 1996 in syndication as part of "The Marvel Action Hour", which packaged "Iron Man" with another animated series based on Marvel properties, the "Fantastic Four", with one half-hour episode from each series airing back-to-back. The show was backed by a toy line that featured many armor variants.

Title: Raaz Pichhle Janam Ka

Raaz Pichhle Janm Ka (Hindi: राज़ पिछले जनम का , "Past Life Secrets") is an Indian reality television series based on the technique of past life regression. The NDTV Imagine show is hosted by actor Ravi Kishan, while the past life regression sessions are conducted by Mumbai-based psychologist Trupti Jayin. The first season started on December 7, 2009, was planned for a 20-episode run from Monday to Friday, 9.30 pm, by Ideas Box Entertainment, got an extension of 20 episodes, and ended on January 15, 2010, while Second season started on October 23, 2010, with actor, Chunky Pandey as guest.

Title: List of The Office (U.S. TV series) characters

"The Office" is a television series based on the British television comedy of the same name. The format of the series is a parody of the fly on the wall documentary technique that intersperses traditional situation comedy segments with mock interviews with the show's characters, provides the audience access to the ongoing interior monologues for all of the main characters, as well as occasional insights into other characters within the show.

Title: Night School: the Web Series

Night School is a British web series based on the Night School books by CJ Daugherty. It was the first ever web series based on a British young adult book. The show premiered on YouTube on December 12, 2014. The series was written and created by CJ Daugherty and Jack Jewers.

Title: Ripley's Believe It or Not! (TV series)

Ripley's Believe It or Not! is the name of several documentary television series based on the newspaper feature. The first series aired on NBC from 1949 to 1950, and was hosted by Robert L. Ripley until his death, after which several substitute hosts filled in. The series was revived for ABC in the 1980s, and was hosted primarily by Jack Palance. Another revival debuted on TBS in 2000, and aired until 2003, with Dean Cain as host. A Filipino version, hosted by Chris Tiu, debuted in 2008. An animated series based on the "Ripley's" franchise was also created.

Title: Drifting (motorsport)

Drifting is a driving technique where the driver intentionally oversteers, with loss of traction in the rear wheels or all tires, while maintaining control and driving the car through the entirety of a corner. Car drifting is caused when the rear slip angle is greater than the front slip angle, to such an extent that often the front wheels are pointing in the opposite direction to the turn (e.g. car is turning left, wheels are pointed right or vice versa, also known as opposite lock or counter-steering).

Title: D1NZ

D1NZ is a production car drifting series in New Zealand. There is currently no New Zealand drifting championship so D1NZ is the premier series running as a clubsport advanced event under MotorSport New Zealand. It began early in 2003 as a small competition consisting of several drifting teams from all over the country in order to organise and regulate Drifting events on the circuit. Since then it has continued to grow larger and more professional, now involving professional drivers with sponsored cars. The series now includes two championships: Pro and Pro-sport. New competitors generally need to prove themselves in the Pro-sport championship before entering the Pro championship (unless coming from an equivalent international series). Organizers aim to promote and educate Drifting in New Zealand, with a regulated safe environment. Despite similar moniker, the series is not related to the Japanese D1 Grand Prix series. It has been recognised as the longest running drifting series in the world.

Title: Katri, Girl of the Meadows

Katri, Girl of the Meadows (牧場の少女カトリ , Makiba no Shōjo Katori ) is an anime series based on the Finnish novel, ""Paimen, piika ja emäntä"" by Auni Nuolivaara. The series was broadcast originally in Japan in 1984 as part of the children's anthology series "World Masterpiece Theater", also known simply as ""Meisaku" from Nippon Animation. The anthology had before and after produced a great variety of animated series based on different children's novels from around the world; among them were "" (1983) and "Little Princess Sara" (1985). In Europe, where "World Masterpiece Theater" series have found huge success, "Katri, Girl of the Meadows" made its way to different countries, including Spain, Italy, France, and Germany. The series has never been broadcast or published in Finland where it remains mostly unknown.

Title: Ken Herock

Ken Herock (born July 16, 1941, in Pittsburgh) was an American college and professional football player who played tight end. He played collegiately at West Virginia and professionally in the American Football League, where he played for the AFL Champion Oakland Raiders in the second AFL-NFL World Championship Game, held after the 1967 season. He attended Munhall High School in Pittsburgh. His six-year pro career was spent with the Oakland Raiders, who he helped win the AFL title, the Cincinnati Bengals, and the Boston Patriots. After his playing career ended, Herock was a player personnel executive in the NFL with the Raiders, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and the Atlanta Falcons. He is known for trading Brett Favre from the Falcons to the Green Bay Packers at the urging of head coach Jerry Glanville.

Title: 1990 Atlanta Falcons season

The 1990 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Football League (NFL). Jerry Glanville was hired to be the team's new coach. The franchise changed their helmets from red to black. Atlanta looked to improve on its 3-13 record from 1989. The team did improve on its 3-13 record, finishing 5-11, but the Falcons missed the playoffs for the eighth straight season. The season started out pretty well for Atlanta, as they beat playoff contenders Houston, New Orleans, and Cincinnati at home. The team sat at 3-4 after their win against Cincinnati. It then lost seven games in a row before winning its last two to end the season. Atlanta went 5-3 at home, but winless on the road, which cost them a trip to the postseason.

Title: 1987 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The Pittsburgh Steelers are a professional American Football team playing in the National Football League. Their 1987 season saw the team record an 8-7 record and fail to reach the playoffs. Noll was renowned as a stoic character, but in complete contrast was his reaction to Jerry Glanville, the head coach of the Oilers. After the Steelers second meeting, Noll in the post game handshake grabbed Glanville and told him he'd better watch out or he'd get jumped on. This was in reaction to Glanville's earlier comments on how the Oilers field was the 'house of pain' and his prediction that his players would intentionally hurt the Steelers.

Title: Keith Bostic

Keith Bostic is an American Software Engineer and one of the key people in the history of Berkeley Software Distribution UNIX and Open Source software.

Title: Mouse Davis

Darrel "Mouse" Davis (born September 6, 1932) is a retired American football coach and former player. A veteran coach at the high school, college, and professional levels, he last coached with Jerry Glanville at Portland State and with June Jones at the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Davis served as the head football coach at Portland State University from 1975 to 1980, compiling a record of 42–24. He has also been a head coach with the Denver Gold of the United States Football League (1985), the New York/New Jersey Knights of the World League of American Football (1991–1992), and the Detroit Fury (2001–2002) and the San Diego Riptide (2003) of the Arena Football League. A native of Washington, Davis grew up in Oregon, where he started his coaching career as a high school football coach. Davis is now widely regarded as the 'godfather' of the run and shoot offense.

Title: Jerry Glanville

Jerry Michael Glanville (born October 14, 1941) is a former American football player and coach, former NASCAR driver and owner, and sportscaster. He served as head coach of the Houston Oilers from 1986 to 1990 and the Atlanta Falcons from 1990 to 1994, compiling a career NFL record of 63–73. From 2007 to 2009, he was the Head Football Coach at Portland State University, tallying a mark of 9–24. Glanville has worked as an analyst on HBO's "Inside the NFL", CBS's "The NFL Today"/"NFL on CBS" and Fox's coverage of the NFL. He has also raced on the Automobile Racing Club of America circuit. Glanville also briefly served as a consultant and liaison for the United Football League in 2011.

Title: Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville

Portland State Vikings football under Jerry Glanville

Title: Lucky to Be Alive (Confederate Railroad album)

Lucky to Be Alive is the seventh studio album by the American country music band Confederate Railroad. The project marks the first album release in nine years for the Grammy-nominated group, and was released on July 15 to music retailers nationwide. The ACM award-winning band are also bringing the star power on the album, with guest appearances from Willie Nelson, John Anderson, Colt Ford and former NFL coach, Jerry Glanville, on a special 20th Anniversary version of the signature smash, “Trashy Women.”

Title: 1989 Houston Oilers season

The 1989 season was the Houston Oilers 30th season and their 20th in the National Football League (NFL). The franchise scored 365 points while the defense gave up 412 points. Their record of 9 wins and 7 losses resulted in a second-place finish in the AFC Central Division. The Oilers appeared once on Monday Night Football and appeared in the playoffs for the third consecutive year. It would be Jerry Glanville’s final year as the Oilers coach. Perhaps one of the lowest points of the season for the Oilers was their second to last game against division rival Bengals. The Bengals thumped the Oilers 61-7 in that game. This loss marked the worst defeat for the team during its tenure in Houston. As of 2017, the worst defeat for the team known either as the Oilers or the Titans was in 2009 when they lost 59-0 to the New England Patriots. It was the second time the Oilers had allowed 61 points to the Bengals, the other being a 61-17 loss at home in 1972.

Title: Keith Bostic (American football)

William Keith Bostic (born January 17, 1961) is a former professional American football player who played for seven seasons in the National Football League (NFL). During his career he played safety for the Houston Oilers and the Cleveland Browns. Bostic served as the Oiler defensive captain under Jerry Glanville. He earned one Pro Bowl selection and missed another based on a tiebreaker for the last safety chosen. In his Pro Bowl season, he led the American Football Conference in interceptions.

Title: Parkridge, Saskatoon

Parkridge is a residential community in western Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, located on land annexed by the city between 1975 and 1979. Development of the subdivision (initially called "Fairhaven II" after the neighbouring community to the east, began in the early 1980s. The extreme west end of the neighbourhood remained undeveloped until the subsequent creation of the adjacent Blairmore Suburban Centre led to the final phase of Parkridge being built out in the early 2010s. Whereas the majority of residents are employed in the sales and service sector, the next highest employer is business, finance and administration. The two main age groups are those in their 40s and teenagers as of 2005. Until recently Parkridge was the farthest western neighbourhood of Saskatoon south of 22nd Street. However, new construction will soon see Neighbourhood 2 of the Blairmore SDA bear that claim to fame. In comparison, the neighbourhood of Parkridge with a 2001 census population of 4,505 is larger than the Saskatchewan city of Melville which had a population of 4,149 in 2006, and 4,453 in 2001 and Parkridge is a little smaller than the provincial city of Humboldt which was 4,998 in 2006, and 5,161 in 2001. In Saskatchewan rural towns must maintain a population above 5,000 to apply for city status. According to MLS data, the average sale price of a home as of 2013 was $327,072.

Title: Willoughton

Willoughton is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England. It is situated 2 mi west from the A15 road, 13 mi north from Lincoln and 3 mi south from Kirton Lindsey. According to the 2001 Census the village had a population of 330, increasing to 341 at the 2011 census.

Title: 2001 Bangladesh census

In 2001, the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics, conducted a national census in Bangladesh, ten years after the 1991 census. They recorded data from all of the districts and upazilas and main cities in Bangladesh including statistical data on population size, households, sex and age distribution, marital status, economically active population, literacy and educational attainment, religion, number of children etc. According to the adjusted 2001 census figures, Bangladesh's population stood at 129.3 million (an initial count put it at 124.4 million; an adjustment for the standard rate of undercounting then boosted the figure). According to the census, Hindus were 9.2 per cent of the population.

Title: Boston, Lincolnshire

Boston ( ) is a town and small port in Lincolnshire, on the east coast of England. It is the largest town of the wider Borough of Boston local government district. The borough had a total population of 66,900, at the ONS mid 2015 estimates, while the town itself had a population of 35,124 at the 2001 census. It is due north of Greenwich on the Prime Meridian.

Title: Kirton, Suffolk

Kirton is a village and a civil parish in the shire county of Suffolk, England, situated off the A14 road, about 4.5 km from Felixstowe and around 10 km from Ipswich. The closest train station to Kirton is Trimley. According to the 2011 census, Kirton had a population of 1,146. It is located between the River Debben and the River Orwell. The village of Kirton covers a total area of 8.3 km2 . As the county of Suffolk lacks quarries, many of the buildings are made from flint, clay and timber.

Title: Kirton, Nottinghamshire

Kirton is a village in Nottinghamshire, England. It is located 3 mi east of Ollerton. According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 it had a population of 273, reducing to 261 at the 2011 census.

Title: Urbanisation in India

Urbanization in India began to accelerate after independence, due to the country's adoption of a mixed economy, which gave rise to the development of the private sector. Urbanisation is taking place at a faster rate in India. Population residing in urban areas in India, according to 1901 census, was 11.4%. This count increased to 28.53% according to 2001 census, and crossing 30% as per 2011 census, standing at 31.16%. According to a survey by UN State of the World Population report in 2007, by 2030, 40.76% of country's population is expected to reside in urban areas. As per World Bank, India, along with China, Indonesia, Nigeria, and the United States, will lead the world's urban population surge by 2050.

Title: Sauce Viejo, Argentina

Sauce Viejo is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. It is located about 22 km from the province's capital city, Santa Fe, and has a population of 6,825 inhabitants (2001 census ) which represents a growth of 87.96% compared to the 3,631 inhabitants (2001 census ) of the previous census.

Title: Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed

Berwick-upon-Tweed was a local government district and borough in Northumberland in the north-east of England, on the border with Scotland. The district had a resident population of 25,949 according to the 2001 census, which also notes that it is the most ethnically homogeneous in the country, with 99.6% of the population recording themselves in the 2001 census as "White". It was also the smallest district in England with borough status, and the third-least densely populated local government district (after Eden and Tynedale).

Title: Kirton End

Kirton End is a hamlet in the civil parish of Kirton in the Boston district of Lincolnshire, England. It lies on the B1391 road, 4 mi south-west from Boston, and 1.5 mi north-east from Kirton.

Title: Fokienia

Fokienia is a genus of conifer tree belonging to the cypress family. In its characteristics, "Fokienia" is intermediate between the genera of "Chamaecyparis" and "Calocedrus". Genetically "Fokienia" is much closer to "Chamaecyparis", and not all researchers recognize "Fokienia" as a separate genus. The genus comprises only one living species, Fokienia hodginsii or Fujian cypress (; Vietnamese: "Pơmu" ), and one fossil species ("Fokienia ravenscragensis").

Title: Frenchman Formation

The Frenchman Formation is stratigraphic unit of Late Cretaceous (late Maastrichtian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin. It is present in southern Saskatchewan and the Cypress Hills of southeastern Alberta. The formation was defined by G.M. Furnival in 1942 from observations of outcrops along the Frenchman River, between Ravenscrag and Highway 37. It contains the youngest of dinosaur genera, much like the Hell Creek Formation in the United States.

Title: Ajuga

Ajuga , also known as bugleweed, ground pine, carpet bugle, or just bugle, is a genus of 40 species annual and perennial herbaceous flowering plantsin the mint family Lamiaceae, with most species native to Europe, Asia, and Africa, but also two species in southeastern Australia. They grow to 5–50 cm tall, with opposite leaves.

Title: Cupressus

The genus Cupressus is one of several genera within the family Cupressaceae that have the common name cypress; for the others, see cypress. It is considered a polyphyletic group. Based on genetic and morphological analysis, the "Cupressus" genus is found in the Cupressoideae subfamily. The common name comes from Old French "cipres" and that from Latin "cyparissus", which is the latinisation of the Greek κυπάρισσος ("kypárissos").

Title: Cedrol

Cedrol is a sesquiterpene alcohol found in the essential oil of conifers (cedar oil), especially in the genera "Cupressus" (cypress) and "Juniperus" (juniper). It has also been identified in "Origanum onites", a plant related to oregano. Its main uses are in the chemistry of aroma compounds. It makes up about 19% of cedarwood oil Texas and 15.8% of cedarwood oil Virginia.

Title: Libocedrus

Libocedrus is a genus of five species of coniferous trees in the cypress family Cupressaceae, native to New Zealand and New Caledonia. The genus is closely related to the South American genera "Pilgerodendron" and "Austrocedrus", and the New Guinean genus "Papuacedrus", both of which are included within "Libocedrus" by some botanists. These genera are rather similar to the Northern Hemisphere genera "Calocedrus" and "Thuja": in earlier days, what is now "Calocedrus" was sometimes included in "Libocedrus". They are much less closely related, as recently confirmed (Gadek et al. 2000). The generic name means "teardrop cedar", apparently referring to drops of resin.

Title: Pilgerodendron

Pilgerodendron is a genus of conifer belonging to the cypress family Cupressaceae. It has only one species, Pilgerodendron uviferum, and is endemic to the Valdivian temperate rain forests and Magellanic subpolar forests of southern Chile and southwestern Argentina. It grows from 40 to 55°S in Tierra del Fuego, where it is the southernmost conifer in the world. It is a member of subfamily Callitroideae, a group of distinct southern hemisphere genera associated with the Antarctic flora.

Title: Cypress-pine

Cypress-pine is the common name used for three closely related genera of conifers in the cypress family Cupressaceae:

Title: Ajugeae

Ajugeae is a tribe of the Teucrioideae subfamily of the family Lamiaceae and might contain the genera "Acrymia" , "Ajuga" , "Cymaria" , "Garrettia" , "Holocheila" .

Title: Cypress

Cypress is a conifer tree or shrub of northern temperate regions that belongs to the family Cupressaceae. The word "cypress" is derived from Old French "cipres", which was imported from Latin "cypressus", the latinisation of the Greek κυπάρισσος ("kyparissos").

Title: Charlotte Hornets all-time roster

The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They play in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Hornets were first established in 1988 as an expansion team, but relocated to New Orleans following the 2001–02 season. In 2004, a new expansion team, the Charlotte Bobcats, was established. After 10 seasons as the Bobcats, the team changed its name to the Charlotte Hornets for the 2014–15 season, a year after the New Orleans franchise relinquished the Hornets name and renamed itself the Pelicans. In addition to re-inheriting the Hornets name from New Orleans, the Charlotte franchise reclaimed the history and records of the original 1988–2002 Hornets, effectively becoming a continuation of the original franchise.

Title: List of Texas Tech Lady Raiders in the WNBA Draft

The Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team, representing Texas Tech University, has had 9 players drafted into the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) since the league began holding drafts in 1997. Sheryl Swoopes was Texas Tech's first player drafted in the WNBA, selected in the 1997 Initial Player Allocation. The Charlotte Sting had drafted three Lady Raiders, more than any other WNBA franchise: Michi Atkins, in the WNBA Elite Draft, and Angie Braziel and Jia Perkins during the college draft.

Title: 1992–93 Charlotte Hornets season

The 1992–93 NBA season was the fifth season for the Charlotte Hornets in the National Basketball Association. In the 1992 NBA draft, the Hornets selected center Alonzo Mourning out of Georgetown with the second overall pick. With the addition of Mourning, along with second-year star Larry Johnson and Muggsy Bogues, the Hornets struggled around .500 for most of the season, but won 9 of their final 12 games finishing their season third in the Central Division with a 44–38 record, and qualified for their first ever playoff appearance. The team became the first of the four expansion franchises of the late 1980s to win a playoff series, when Mourning sunk a 20 ft jumper at the buzzer in Game 4 of the first round playoff series against the 4th-seeded Boston Celtics. However, in the semifinals, the Hornets were eliminated by the New York Knicks in five games.

Title: Charlotte Hornets draft history

The original Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA) were established in 1988 as an expansion team, based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The team's roster was filled with unprotected players at the 1988 NBA Expansion Draft, and five days later the Hornets made their first picks out of college players at the 1988 NBA draft. The Hornets remained in Charlotte for 14 seasons before relocating to New Orleans in 2002. Two years after the Hornets' departure, the Charlotte Bobcats were established in 2004. The Bobcats first participated in the 2004 NBA draft, two days after their expansion draft was held. The franchise's name was changed back to the Hornets at the conclusion of the 2013–14 season, one year after the team in Louisiana renamed itself the New Orleans Pelicans. The history and records of the original Charlotte Hornets were conveyed to the newly named Charlotte Hornets.

Title: Ayana Walker

Ayana D’Nay Walker (born September 10, 1979) is an American former women's basketball player. She played for the Louisiana Tech Lady Techsters basketball team from 1998 to 2002. Walker was a member of gold-medal winning USA Basketball Women’s National Team in 2001 and set a USA single-game record with 19 rebounds in gold-medal game. She was also a member of gold-medal winning USA Basketball World University Games Team in 2001. Walker was drafted as the 20th overall pick by the Detroit Shock in the 2002 WNBA Draft. As a member of the Shock, she won the 2003 WNBA Championship. On July 3, 2005, Walker signed with the Charlotte Sting. After the Sting franchise folded, Walker was drafted by Los Angeles Sparks as the 12th pick in the dispersal draft on January 8, 2007. She returned to Detroit for her final season in 2007.

Title: 2003 WNBA season

The 2003 WNBA Season was the Women's National Basketball Association's seventh season. It was first season in which teams either folded or relocated, as well as the first to have teams that were not co-owned with NBA teams. The Orlando Miracle relocated to Connecticut and became the Connecticut Sun, the Utah Starzz relocated to San Antonio, Texas and became the San Antonio Silver Stars. Meanwhile, both the Miami Sol and the Portland Fire folded, while the Charlotte Sting became the second WNBA team without a brother NBA team. The schedule increased from 32 games per team to 34, where it stands to this day. The season ended with the Detroit Shock winning their first WNBA Championship.

Title: List of Charlotte Hornets seasons

The Charlotte Hornets are a professional basketball club based in Charlotte, North Carolina. They are members of the National Basketball Association (NBA), playing in the Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference. The original Charlotte Hornets franchise played in Charlotte from 1988–2002 before relocating to New Orleans, Louisiana and becoming the New Orleans Hornets. A new franchise, the "Charlotte Bobcats", began play in the 2004–05 season. The team played for ten seasons as the Bobcats before adopting the Hornets name for the 2014–15 season. The Hornets name was left available after the New Orleans Hornets became the New Orleans Pelicans. As part of a deal between the Bobcats, Hornets and NBA, the renamed Hornets reclaimed the original Hornets' history and records from 1988 to 2002, while all of the Hornets' records from 2002 to 2013 remained with the Pelicans. As a result, the Hornets are now reckoned as having suspended operations after the 2001–02 season before returning as the Bobcats in 2004; This has allowed all of Charlotte's NBA history to be recognized under one single franchise.

Title: Charlotte Hornets

The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The Hornets compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA), as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Southeast Division. The team is largely owned by former NBA player and North Carolina native Michael Jordan, who acquired controlling interest in the team in 2010. The Hornets play their home games at the Spectrum Center in Uptown Charlotte.

Title: Muggsy Bogues

Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues (born January 9, 1965) is an American retired basketball player. The shortest player ever to play in the National Basketball Association, the 5 ft Bogues played point guard for four teams during his 14-season career in the NBA. He is best known for his ten seasons with the Charlotte Hornets, and also played for the Washington Bullets, Golden State Warriors, and Toronto Raptors. After his NBA career, he served as head coach of the now-defunct WNBA team Charlotte Sting.

Title: 2014–15 Charlotte Hornets season

The 2014–15 Charlotte Hornets season was the franchise's 25th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA). This was the team's first year as the Charlotte Hornets since 2002. The team had been known as the Charlotte Bobcats since its revival in 2004. However, when the team formally changed its name to the Hornets on May 20, 2014; they also reclaimed the history and records of the original Charlotte Hornets franchise from the 1988–89 NBA season through the 2001–02 NBA season. The New Orleans Pelicans retained the remaining history that exists under the New Orleans(/Oklahoma City) Hornets name from the 2002–03 NBA season through the 2012–13 NBA season. The team was led by head coach Steve Clifford and assistant coaches Patrick Ewing, Bob Beyer, Stephen Silas, Bob Weiss, and Mark Price.

Title: Christus Apollo

Christus Apollo: Cantata Celebrating the Eighth Day of Creation and the Promise of the Ninth is a cantata in four movements for narrator, mezzo-soprano, choir, and orchestra, based on a text by the science fiction author Ray Bradbury and composed by the American composer Jerry Goldsmith. The piece was commissioned by the California Chamber Symphony in 1969, and premiered later that year in Royce Hall at UCLA with the narration performed by Charlton Heston (who had starred in the 1968 film, "Planet of the Apes", for which Goldsmith had composed the musical score).

Title: Alien (soundtrack)

The iconic, avant-garde score to the film "Alien" was composed by Jerry Goldsmith and is considered by some to be one of his best, most visceral scores. Rather than focusing on themes, Goldsmith creates a bleak and dissonant soundscape that fits the film's dark and intense atmosphere, with only a few "romantic" cues.

Title: L.A. Confidential (soundtrack)

L.A. Confidential is either the original soundtrack, on the Restless Records label featuring mainly songs and source music, or the original film score, on Varèse Sarabande Records, of the 1997 Academy Award- and Golden Globe Award-winning film "L.A. Confidential" starring Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, Guy Pearce, James Cromwell, Danny DeVito, and Kim Basinger (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for this film). The original score was composed by Jerry Goldsmith.

Title: Innerspace

Innerspace is a 1987 American science fiction comedy film directed by Joe Dante and produced by Michael Finnell. Steven Spielberg served as executive producer. The film was inspired by the 1966 science fiction film "Fantastic Voyage". It stars Dennis Quaid, Martin Short and Meg Ryan, with Robert Picardo and Kevin McCarthy, with music composed by Jerry Goldsmith. It earned well over $25 million in its domestic gross revenue and won an Oscar, the only film directed by Dante to do so.

Title: Aliens (soundtrack)

The score to the 1986 James Cameron film "Aliens" was composed by James Horner. The score itself includes musical references to Gayane's Adagio from Aram Khachaturian's "Gayane" ballet suite, which had been used in Stanley Kubrick's "" (1968). The score also uses musical motifs, sound treatments and excerpts from Jerry Goldsmith's original soundtrack to "Alien" (1979). Additional cues taken from Jerry Goldsmith's "Alien" score were used in the climax of the film when Horner was unable to finish some cues to Cameron's satisfaction. The film's editors also reportedly altered the score's chronological flow, sometimes looping, truncating or removing the music and placing it in fragmented form in the film out of context. Despite production issues, it was nominated for an Academy Award in 1986. It was performed by the London Symphony Orchestra. The soundtrack album was released the following year, in 1987.

Title: Mulan (soundtrack)

Mulan: An Original Walt Disney Records Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 1998 Disney animated feature film, "Mulan". Released by Walt Disney Records on June 2, 1998, the album featured songs by Matthew Wilder and David Zippel, conducted by Paul Bogaev, and score composed and conducted by Jerry Goldsmith. Vocalists included Lea Salonga, Donny Osmond, 98 Degrees, Jaz Coleman, Stevie Wonder and Christina Aguilera.

Title: Alien (film)

Alien is a 1979 science-fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott, and starring Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, Veronica Cartwright, Harry Dean Stanton, John Hurt, Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. The film's title refers to a highly aggressive extraterrestrial creature that stalks and attacks the crew of a spaceship. Dan O'Bannon, drawing upon previous works of science fiction and horror, wrote the screenplay from a story he co-authored with Ronald Shusett. The film was produced by Gordon Carroll, David Giler and Walter Hill through their company Brandywine Productions, and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. Giler and Hill revised and made additions to the script. Shusett was executive producer. The eponymous Alien and its accompanying elements were designed by the Swiss artist H. R. Giger, while concept artists Ron Cobb and Chris Foss designed the more human aspects of the film.

Title: Legend (film score)

Legend: The Music of Jerry Goldsmith is a musical film score by American composer Jerry Goldsmith, released in 1986 for the worldwide release of the film of the same name, (excluding the US). The album was released on compact disc in 1992 through Silva Screen records and featured alternate cover art and additional songs.

Title: Total Recall (1990 film)

Total Recall is a 1990 American science-fiction action film directed by Paul Verhoeven, starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Rachel Ticotin, Sharon Stone, Ronny Cox, and Michael Ironside. The film is loosely based on the Philip K. Dick short story "We Can Remember It for You Wholesale". It tells the story of a construction worker who is having troubling dreams about Mars and a mysterious woman there. It was written by Ronald Shusett, Dan O'Bannon, Jon Povill, and Gary Goldman, and won a Special Achievement Academy Award for its visual effects. The original score composed by Jerry Goldsmith won the BMI Film Music Award.

Title: Lionheart (1987 film)

Lionheart, also known as Lionheart: The Children's Crusade, is a 1987 adventure film directed by Franklin J. Schaffner and produced by Talia Shire and Stanley O'Toole. Shire's brother, Francis Ford Coppola, initially planned to direct the film but instead opted to be executive producer along with Shire's husband, Jack Schwartzman. The screenplay was written by Menno Meyjes and Richard Outten from a story by Meyjes. The composer Jerry Goldsmith wrote the score. The film was released in August 1987. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.

Title: The Mark on the Wall

"The Mark on the Wall" is the first published story by Virginia Woolf. It was published in 1917 as part of the first collection of short stories written by Virginia Woolf and her husband, Leonard Woolf, called "Two Stories". It was later published in New York in 1921 as part of another collection entitled "Monday or Tuesday".

Title: Emma Bull

Emma Bull (born December 13, 1954) is an American science fiction and fantasy author. Her novels include the Hugo- and Nebula-nominated "Bone Dance" and the urban fantasy "War for the Oaks". She is also known for a series of anthologies set in Liavek, a shared universe that she created with her husband Will Shetterly. As a singer, songwriter, and guitarist, she has been a member of the Minneapolis-based folk/rock bands Cats Laughing and The Flash Girls.

Title: Virginia Woolf

Adeline Virginia Woolf (née Stephen; 25 January 1882 – 28 March 1941) was an English writer who is considered one of the foremost modernists of the twentieth century, and a pioneer in the use of stream of consciousness as a narrative device. Born in an affluent household in Kensington, London, she attended the King's College London and was acquainted with the early reformers of women's higher education.

Title: Orlando: A Biography

Orlando: A Biography is a novel by Virginia Woolf, first published on 11 October 1928. A high-spirited romp inspired by the tumultuous family history of Woolf's lover and close friend, the aristocratic poet and novelist Vita Sackville-West, it is arguably one of Woolf's most popular novels: a history of English literature in satiric form. The book describes the adventures of a poet who changes sex from man to woman and lives for centuries, meeting the key figures of English literary history. Considered a feminist classic, the book has been written about extensively by scholars of women's writing and gender and transgender studies.

Title: Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf

Me! I'm Afraid of Virginia Woolf is a 1978 television play by Alan Bennett, produced by London Weekend Television and directed by Stephen Frears. The title of the play is a parody of "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf? ", which in turn plays on the title of the Disney song "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf? ".

Title: Jane de Gay

Rev Dr "Jane de Gay" is a British academic and lecturer who has earned a reputation as an expert on the life and works of Virginia Woolf. Dr de Gay's works on Woolf include a series of articles and a 2006 book, "Virginia Woolf's Novels and the Literary Past", published by Edinburgh University Press. Her work has been recognised by the Virginia Woolf Society of Great Britain. She has co-edited four books on gender and theatre, including "Languages of Theatre Shaped by Women" (with Lizbeth Goodman).

Title: Freshwater (opera)

Freshwater is a two-act chamber opera composed by Andy Vores, based on the 1929 comic play by Virginia Woolf. Vores received assistance in creating the opera from Quentin Bell, Woolf's nephew and executor, who provided a rarely seen earlier version of the text that served as the inspiration for several passages of the libretto.

Title: The Duchess and the Jeweller

"The Duchess and the Jeweller" (1938) is a short story by Virginia Woolf. Woolf, being an advocate of addressing the "stream of consciousness," shows the thoughts and actions of a greedy jeweller; Woolf makes a thematic point that corrupt people do corrupt actions for purely selfish motives (and often without regret). It was first published in British "Harper's Bazaar" Magazine in April 1938 and subsequently published posthumously in 1944 in the collection "A Haunted House and Other Short Stories.

Title: Moments of Being

Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously-published autobiographical essays by Virginia Woolf. The collection was first found in the papers of her husband, used by Quentin Bell in his biography of Virginia Woolf, published in 1972. In 1976, the essays were edited for publication by Jeanne Schulkind. The second edition was published in 1985. The original texts are now housed at Sussex University and in the British Library in London.

Title: Jane Marcus

Jane Marcus (1938–2015) was a pioneering feminist literary scholar, specializing in women writers of the Modernist era, but especially in the social and political context of their writings. Focusing on Virginia Woolf, Rebecca West, and Nancy Cunard, among many others, she devised groundbreaking analyses of Woolf's writings, upending a generation of criticism that ignored feminist, pacifist, and socialist themes in much of Woolf's work and critique of imperialism and bourgeois society. Marcus's understanding of Woolf's place within the larger context of English literature has become prevailing wisdom today in the fields affected by her theorization and research, despite the controversial nature of her positions when they were originally formulated and how much opposition she garnered from earlier scholars and critics.

Title: Billy Boy

"Billy Boy" is a traditional folk song and nursery rhyme found in the United States. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 326. It is a variant of the traditional English folk song "My Boy Billy", collected by Ralph Vaughan Williams and published by him in 1912 as number 232 in "Novello's School Songs". The song is very popular with the Orange Order.

Title: Pretty Little Dutch Girl

"Pretty Little Dutch Girl" is a children's nursery rhyme, clapping game and jump-rope rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 12986.

Title: Tweedledum and Tweedledee

Tweedledum and Tweedledee are fictional characters in an English nursery rhyme and in Lewis Carroll's "Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There". Their names may have originally come from an epigram written by poet John Byrom . The nursery rhyme has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19800. The names have since become synonymous in western popular culture slang for any two people who look and act in identical ways, generally in a derogatory context.

Title: Aiken Drum

"Aiken Drum" is a popular Scottish folk song and nursery rhyme, which probably has its origins in a Jacobite song about the Battle of Sheriffmuir (1715). It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 2571.

Title: Row, Row, Row Your Boat

"Row, Row, Row Your Boat" is an English language nursery rhyme and a popular children's song. It can also be an "action" nursery rhyme, whose singers sit opposite one another and "row" forwards and backwards with joined hands. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 19236.

Title: Three Little Kittens

"Three Little Kittens" is an English language nursery rhyme, probably with roots in the British folk tradition. The rhyme as published today however is a sophisticated piece usually attributed to American poet Eliza Lee Cabot Follen (1787–1860). With the passage of time, the poem has been absorbed into the "Mother Goose" collection. The rhyme tells of three kittens who first lose, then find and soil, their mittens. When all is finally set to rights, the kittens receive their mother's approval and some pie. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 16150.

Title: Did You Ever See a Lassie?

"Did You Ever See a Lassie?" is a folk song, nursery rhyme, and singing game. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 5040.

Title: A Wise Old Owl

"A Wise Old Owl" is an English language nursery rhyme. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7734 and in The Oxford Dictionary of Nursery Rhymes, 2nd Ed. of 1997, as number 394. The rhyme is an improvement of a traditional nursery rhyme "There was an owl lived in an oak, wisky, wasky, weedle."

Title: What Are Little Boys Made Of?

"What Are Little Boys Made Of?" is a popular nursery rhyme dating from the early 19th century. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 821.

Title: What Are Little Girls Made Of?

"What Are Little Girls Made Of?" is episode seven of the of the American science fiction television series, "". It was first broadcast October 20, 1966, and repeated, two months later, on December 22, the first episode of the series to be repeated on NBC. It was written by Robert Bloch and directed by James Goldstone. The title of the episode is taken from the fourth line of the 19th century nursery rhyme, "What Are Little Boys Made Of? ."

Title: Yvonne Ridley

Yvonne Ridley (born 23 April 1958) is a British journalist who was a chair of the National Council of the now defunct Respect Party. She was captured by the Taliban in 2001, and two years later converted to Islam after giving her captors an understanding that she would study Islam if they agreed to release her. She is a vocal supporter of Palestine, a cause she took up as a schoolgirl and is also a critic of the political ideology of Zionism and vocal critic of Western media portrayals and foreign policy in the War on Terror, and has undertaken speaking tours throughout the Muslim world as well as America, Europe and Australia. She has been called "something close to a celebrity in the Islamic world" by the journalist Rachel Cooke, and in 2008 was voted the "most recognisable woman in the Islamic world" by Islam Online.

Title: Mobil Producing Nigeria

Mobil Producing Nigeria (MPN) "is one of three" Nigerian subsidiaries of the petroleum company ExxonMobil. It began operations in 1955. All of its operations are offshore, where it owns 90 platforms on 3200 km2 of territory. MPN is the second largest producer of crude oil in Nigeria after Shell. Erha field/vessel is the recent offshore deployment of ExxonMobil FPSO in Nigeria partnering with Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation.

Title: Scott Parkin

Scott Parkin (born 1969, Garland, Texas is an anti-war, environmental and global justice organizer, former community college history instructor, and a founding member of the Houston Global Awareness Collective. He has been a vocal critic of the American invasion of Iraq, and of corporations such as Exxonmobil and Halliburton. Since 2006, he has worked as an campaigner for the Rainforest Action Network, organizing campaigns against Bank of America, Citibank, TXU and the Keystone XL Pipeline. He also organizes with Rising Tide North America.

Title: Halliburton

The Halliburton Company, an American multinational corporation. One of the world's largest oil field service companies, it has operations in more than 70 countries. It owns hundreds of subsidiaries, affiliates, branches, brands, and divisions worldwide and employs approximately 50,000 people.

Title: PRX-07034

PRX-07034 is a selective 5-HT receptor antagonist. It has cognition and memory-enhancing properties and potently decreases food intake and body weight in rodents. PRX-07034 was under development by Epix Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of obesity and cognitive impairment associated with Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia but upon the company collapsing due to lack of funds the compound was auctioned to another corporation.

Title: Exxon

Exxon was the brand name of oil and natural resources company Exxon Corporation, prior to 1972 known as Standard Oil Company of New Jersey. In 1999, Exxon Corporation merged with Mobil to form ExxonMobil. The "Exxon" brand is still used by ExxonMobil's downstream operations as a brand for certain of its gas stations, motor fuel and related products (the highest concentration of which are located in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Texas and in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern states). Standard Oil Company of New Jersey was one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s.

Title: Oregon and Transcontinental Company

The Oregon and Transcontinental Company was a 19th-century holding company in the United States, organized by Henry Villard in 1881 to control the Northern Pacific Railroad and Oregon Railway and Navigation Company. It was incorporated in Oregon. New Jersey passed legislation in 1889 to facilitate the control of other companies by another corporation with a goal of encouraging trusts to convert into holding companies and relocate to that state. Oregon and Transcontinental in 1890 re-incorporated as a holding company in New Jersey and became the North American Company so that it could take advantage of these expanded corporate powers and invest in a wider range of businesses.

Title: Corporate synergy

Corporate synergy refers to a financial benefit that a corporation expects to realize when it merges with or acquires another corporation. Corporate synergy occurs when corporations interact congruently.

Title: Religious Technology Center

The Religious Technology Center (RTC) is an American non-profit corporation that was founded in 1982 by the Church of Scientology to control and oversee the use of all of the trademarks, symbols and texts of Scientology and Dianetics. Although RTC controls their use, those works are owned by another corporation, the Church of Spiritual Technology which is doing business as L. Ron Hubbard Library, registered in Los Angeles County, California.

Title: Dummy corporation

A dummy corporation or dummy company is an entity created to serve as a front or cover for one or more companies. It can have the appearance of being real (logo, website, and sometimes employing actual staff), but lacks the capacity to function independently. The dummy corporation's sole purpose is to protect "an individual or another corporation from liability in either contract or import".

Title: Safe Harbor (TV series)

Safe Harbor is an American television drama series that aired on The WB Television Network from September 20, 1999 to November 28, 1999. The series was created and executive produced by Brenda Hampton, who at the time was best known for work on the fellow WB series "7th Heaven", the series was paired with "7th Heaven" on the network's Monday night lineup. Despite "7th Heaven" being the No. 1 show on The WB during the 1999-2000 season, "Safe Harbor" was unable to hold a solid audience after "7th Heaven" and was canceled after ten episodes and one season with the show moving to Sunday nights where the last two episodes aired.

Title: Power of Three (Charmed)

The Power of Three, on The WB series "Charmed", refers to any bond formed by three magical beings good or evil. It is most commonly used to describe the bond between the Warren/Halliwell line, more specifically the Charmed Ones, which is said to be the most powerful magical force in history. The "Power of Three" originally included the Halliwell sisters Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano). However, following Prue's death in the third season finale, their long-lost younger half sister Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan) takes her place within the "Power of Three" from season four onwards.

Title: Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay

Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay (Tagalog: "So Long Have I Waited For You") is a Filipino soap opera, produced by ABS-CBN and Star Cinema. It started July 8, 2002 and ended November 14, 2003. The critically acclaimed and top-rating teleserye won the CMMA Best Drama Series and the PMPC Star Awards Best Primetime Drama Series. It is the first local soap opera that became a finalist to the Best Drama Series category of the International Emmy Awards. It was also part of the top five drama series of the Asian TV Awards.

Title: Rose McGowan

Rose Arianna McGowan (born September 5, 1973) is an Italian-born American actress, film producer, director and singer. She is best known to television audiences for having played Paige Matthews in The WB supernatural drama series "Charmed" from 2001 to 2006.

Title: Kerr Smith

Kerr Van Cleve Smith (born March 9, 1972) is an American actor known for playing Jack McPhee on The WB drama series "Dawson's Creek", Kyle Brody in The WB supernatural drama "Charmed" and more recently Axel Palmer in "My Bloody Valentine 3D". He is also known for portraying Carter Horton in "Final Destination" (2000).

Title: Jawbreaker (film)

Jawbreaker is a 1999 American black comedy film written and directed by Darren Stein. The film stars Rose McGowan, Rebecca Gayheart, and Julie Benz as girls in an exclusive clique in their high school. Charlotte Ayanna has a non-speaking cameo role as the murdered leader of the group. The film was inspired by the film "Heathers", and is often compared to it, particularly the plot involving a popular female clique, and the ostensibly accidental killing of one of its members.

Title: Sarah Drew

Sarah Drew (born October 1, 1980) is an American actress. She is known for playing Hannah Rogers in The WB family drama series "Everwood" (2004–2006) and Dr. April Kepner in the ABC medical drama series "Grey's Anatomy" (2009–present).

Title: Charmed (season 4)

The fourth season of "Charmed", an American supernatural drama television series, began airing on October 4, 2001 on The WB. Airing on Thursdays at 9:00 pm, the season consisted of 22 episodes and concluded its airing on May 16, 2002. This season also saw the introduction of Rose McGowan as Paige Matthews—half-sister to Prue, Piper and Phoebe—and a slight alteration of the opening credits, due to the third season departure of Shannen Doherty as Prue. Paramount Home Entertainment released the complete fourth season in a six-disc boxed set on February 28, 2006.

Title: List of Charmed characters

"Charmed" is an American television series that was originally broadcast by The WB for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006. The series narrative follows a trio of sisters, known as The Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, who use their combine Power of Three to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern-day San Francisco. The main characters of the first three seasons were Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe Halliwell (Alyssa Milano). After Doherty departed from the series in 2001, resulting in her character's death, she was replaced by Rose McGowan as the long-lost younger half-sister Paige Matthews from the fourth season onwards. The following list only contains characters that appeared in five or more episodes.

Title: Charmed

Charmed is an American television series created by Constance M. Burge and produced by Aaron Spelling and his production company Spelling Television, with Brad Kern serving as showrunner. The series was originally broadcast by The WB for eight seasons from October 7, 1998, until May 21, 2006. The series narrative follows a trio of sisters, known as The Charmed Ones, the most powerful good witches of all time, who use their combined "Power of Three" to protect innocent lives from evil beings such as demons and warlocks. Each sister possesses unique magical powers that grow and evolve, while they attempt to maintain normal lives in modern-day San Francisco. Keeping their supernatural identities separate and secret from their ordinary lives often becomes a challenge for them, with the exposure of magic having far-reaching consequences on their various relationships and resulting in a number of police and FBI investigations throughout the series. The series initially focuses on the three Halliwell sisters, Prue (Shannen Doherty), Piper (Holly Marie Combs) and Phoebe (Alyssa Milano). However, following Prue's death in the third-season finale, their long-lost half sister Paige Matthews (Rose McGowan) assumes her place within the "Power of Three" from season four onwards.

Title: Ralph Charles

Ralph Charles (born 5 February 1943) is an English amateur welterweight and professional light welter/welter/light middle/middleweight boxer of the 1960s and '70s who as an amateur won the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) 1959 Junior Class-A title against Kenneth "Ken"/"Kenny" J. Cooper  (Warley ABC), boxing out of West Ham Boys & ABC, won the Amateur Boxing Association of England (ABAE) 1960 Junior Class-B title against J. Harwood (National Association of Boys Clubs), boxing out of West Ham Boys & ABC, and was runner-up for the 1963 Amateur Boxing Association of England welterweight title, against Johnny Pritchett (Bingham & District ABC), boxing out of West Ham ABC, and as a professional won the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) Southern Area welterweight title, BBBofC British welterweight title, European Boxing Union (EBU) welterweight title, and Commonwealth welterweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) welterweight title, and World Boxing Association (WBA) World welterweight title against José Nápoles, his professional fighting weight varied from 140 lb , i.e. light welterweight to 157 lb , i.e. middleweight.

Title: Bunny Grant

George Leslie "Bunny" Grant (born 29 September 1940) is a Jamaican professional feather/super feather/light/light welter/welterweight/light middleweight boxer of the 1950s, '60s and '70s who won the Jamaican lightweight title, Jamaican welterweight title, Central American light welterweight Title, Latin American junior welterweight title, and British Commonwealth lightweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Council (WBC) light welterweight title and World Boxing Association (WBA) World light welterweight title against Eddie Perkins, Commonwealth welterweight title against Clyde Gray, his professional fighting weight varied from 125+1/2 lb , i.e. featherweight to 152+1/2 lb , i.e. light middleweight. Bunny Grant was managed by Jacques Deschamps, and Pancho Rankine (circa 1962), and trained by Harry Wiley (circa 1962).

Title: Vince Phillips

Vincent Edwards "Vince" Phillips (born July 23, 1963) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1989 to 2007. He held the IBF junior welterweight title from 1997 to 1999, notably scoring an upset victory against then-undefeated Kostya Tszyu to become champion.

Title: Andrew Murray (Guyanese boxer)

Andrew "The Eagle" Murray (1 July 1971 — 26 January 2002 (aged 30)) born in Georgetown was a Guyanese professional welter/light middle/middleweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s who won the World Boxing Council (WBC) FECARBOX welterweight title, World Boxing Association (WBA) Fedelatin welterweight title, and Commonwealth welterweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Association (WBA) World welterweight title against Ike Quartey, World Boxing Union (WBU) welterweight title against Michele Piccirillo, and World Boxing Organization (WBO) North American Boxing Organization (NABO) light middleweight title against Fathi Missaoui, his professional fighting weight varied from 145 lb , i.e. welterweight to 156 lb , i.e. middleweight. Andrew Murray was trained by Emanuel Steward, and was the Vice-President of the Guyana Amateur Boxing Board and was training several young boxers, and he had coached Hugo Lewis to the Guyanese super featherweight title on 26 December 2001. Andrew Murray died in a traffic collision on the Soesdyke-Linden Highway early in the morning of Sunday 27 January 2002, he had been in Linden promoting a fight card and was on his way back to Georgetown.

Title: Fatai Onikeke

Fatai "Kid Dynamite" Onikeke ( (1983--) 02 1983 (age (2017)-(1983)-((11)<(04)or(11)==(04)and(30)<(02)) ) ) is a Nigerian/Australian professional light welter/welterweight boxer of the 2000s and 2010s who won the Nigerian welterweight title, African Boxing Union (ABU) welterweight title, World Boxing Foundation (WBFo) Intercontinental light welterweight title, International Boxing Federation (IBF) Pan Pacific light welterweight title, and Commonwealth welterweight title, and was a challenger for the World Boxing Organization (WBO) Africa light welterweight title, WBFo light welterweight title, and World Boxing Organization (WBO) Oriental light welterweight title against Lance Gostelow , his professional fighting weight varied from 138+1/2 lb , i.e. light welterweight to 146+1/2 lb , i.e. welterweight.

Title: Julian Holland (boxer)

Julian "Fighting Farrier" Holland ( (1972--) 13 1972 (age 45 ) ) born in Bendigo is an Australian professional welter/light middleweight boxer of the 1990s and 2000s who won the Queensland (Australia) State welterweight title, Pan Pacific welterweight title, Australian welterweight title, Oceanic Boxing Association welterweight title, Australasian welterweight title, Pan Pacific light middleweight title, World Boxing Organization (WBO) Asia Pacific welterweight title, and Commonwealth light welterweight title, his professional fighting weight varied from 143 lb , i.e. welterweight to 154 lb , i.e. light middleweight.

Title: Jeff Malcolm

Jeff "Flash" Malcolm (born 9 May 1956 in Cowra, New South Wales), is an Australian professional boxer who fought from 1971 until 2002. He won the Australian light welterweight title, New South Wales (Australia) State lightweight title, Australasian light welterweight title, South Pacific light welterweight title, Queensland (Australia) State welterweight title, International Boxing Council (IBC) welterweight title, South Pacific welterweight title, World Boxing Federation (WBF) Intercontinental welterweight title, WBF welterweight title, Pan Asian Boxing Association (PABA) welterweight title, World Boxing Association (WBA) Fedelatin welterweight title, PABA light middleweight title, and Commonwealth light welterweight title. He was also a challenger for the South Seas light welterweight title against Pat Leglise, Australian welterweight title against Wilf Gentzen, and World Boxing Organization (WBO) welterweight title against Manning Galloway. His professional fighting weight varied from 135 lb , i.e. lightweight to 165+1/4 lb , i.e. super middleweight. He was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2007.

Title: Zab Judah

Zabdiel Judah (born October 27, 1977) is an American professional boxer. He is a four-time former world champion in two weight classes, having held the IBF and WBO junior welterweight titles between 2000 and 2004; the IBF junior welterweight title again in 2011; and the undisputed welterweight title in 2005, which included a reign as the lineal champion from 2005 to 2006.

Title: International Boxing Federation

The International Boxing Federation (IBF) is one of four major organizations recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF) which sanction world championship boxing bouts, alongside the World Boxing Association (WBA), World Boxing Council (WBC) and World Boxing Organization (WBO).

Title: Lawrence Austin

Lawrence "Baby Casius" Austin ( (1956--) 22 1956 (age (2017)-(1956)-((11)<(01)or(11)==(01)and(30)<(22)) ) ) born in Warrnambool is an Australian professional super feather/light/light welter/welter/light middle/middleweight boxer of the 1970s and '80s who won the West Australia State welterweight title, West Australia State light middleweight title, Victoria State light middleweight title, Australian lightweight title, Australian light welterweight title, Australian welterweight title, South Seas Light Middleweight Title, and Commonwealth light welterweight title (twice), and was a challenger for the Australian light middleweight title against Russell Sands, and Commonwealth light welterweight title against Jeff Malcolm, his professional fighting weight varied from 128 lb , i.e. super featherweight to 159 lb , i.e. middleweight. He was inducted into the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame in 2008.

Title: Can't Touch It

"Can't Touch It" is a song by Australian singer and songwriter Ricki-Lee Coulter. It was written by Coulter with Brian Kierulf and Joshua M. Schwartz of KNS Productions, who also produced the song. "Can't Touch It" was released as the lead single from Coulter's second studio album "Brand New Day" on 4 August 2007. Upon its release, "Can't Touch It" peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart and number one on the ARIA Dance Singles Chart, where it remained for eight consecutive weeks. It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments of 70,000 copies.

Title: Stay (Shakespears Sister song)

"Stay" is a song by UK based pop act Shakespears Sister, released by London Records in January 1992 as the second single from their album "Hormonally Yours". Upon release, the single became a global smash hit becoming the duo's first and only No. 1 single in numerous territories, including the UK, where it topped the UK Singles Chart for eight consecutive weeks; the longest UK No. 1 reign for any all-female band, and was the fourth biggest selling single of 1992. The single also held the No. 1 position in band member Siobhan Fahey's birthplace, Ireland, for six weeks, and it was a transatlantic hit reaching No. 4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.

Title: U Know What's Up

"U Know What's Up" is a 1999 hit song by singer-songwriter-producer Donell Jones' second studio album, "Where I Wanna Be". The song features Lisa Lopes of TLC. It reached number one on the Billboard Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks chart on November 13, 1999, and stayed at number one for eight consecutive weeks. It peaked at number seven on the Billboard Hot 100, remaining there for two consecutive weeks. Outside the United States, the song peaked within the top ten of the charts in the United Kingdom. The song was produced by Edward "Eddie F" Ferrell and Darren Lighty for Untouchables Entertainment. It is Jones's biggest hit to date. The song was co-written by Anthony Hamilton. The songs serves as the opening track on LaFace Records.

Title: Billy Ray Cyrus discography

Billy Ray Cyrus is an American country music singer, songwriter, actor and philanthropist, who helped make country music a worldwide phenomenon. He has released 12 studio albums and 44 singles since 1992, and is best known for his number one single "Achy Breaky Heart", which became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia and was the best-selling single of 1992 in the same country. Thanks to the video of the song, the linedance entered the mainstream, becoming a worldwide craze. Cyrus, a multi-platinum selling recording artist, has scored a total of eight top-ten singles on the Billboard Country Songs chart. His most successful album to date is the debut of "Some Gave All", which has been certified 9× multi-platinum in the United States and is the longest time spent by a debut artist at number one on the "Billboard" 200 (17 consecutive weeks) and most consecutive chart-topping weeks in the SoundScan era. It is the only album (from any genre) in the SoundScan era to log 17 consecutive weeks at number one and is also the second-highest selling debut album by a male country artist after Garth Brooks'. It ranked 43 weeks in the top 10, a total topped by only one country album in history, "Ropin' the Wind" by Garth Brooks. "Some Gave All" was also the first debut album to enter at the number 1 in the Billboard Country Albums. The album has also sold more than 20 million copies worldwide and is the best-selling debut album of all time for a solo male artist. " Some Gave All" was also the best-selling album of 1992 in the US with 4,832,000 copies. In his career, he has released 35 charted singles, of which 16 have charted in the top 40.

Title: I Don't Wanna Know

"I Don't Wanna Know" is a song by American R&B artist Mario Winans, featuring a rap by P. Diddy, re-recorded background vocals by Enya and sampling the synthesizer riff from Enya's song "Boadicea". It reached number 1 in the United Kingdom and in Netherlands, and number 2 in the United States, stuck for eight consecutive weeks behind the Usher singles "Yeah" and "Burn", respectively. It remains Winans' only major success to date. As a result of its eight weeks at number 2, "I Don't Wanna Know" stands in joint fifth place for the most weeks at number 2 by a song which did not go to number 1, behind Foreigner's "Waiting for a Girl Like You", Missy Elliott's "Work It", Donna Lewis's "I Love You Always Forever" and Shania Twain's "You're Still the One".

Title: No One (Alicia Keys song)

"No One" is a song by American singer and songwriter Alicia Keys from her third studio album, "As I Am" (2007). It was written and produced by Keys, Kerry Brothers Jr., and George M. Harry, and released as the album's lead single on September 11, 2007. The song topped the "Billboard" Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks and the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for 10 consecutive weeks, while charting inside the top 10 in most major markets.

Title: Feel Good Inc.

"Feel Good Inc" is a song by British virtual band Gorillaz, featuring De La Soul. The song was released as the lead single from the band's second studio album "Demon Days" on 9 May 2005. The single peaked at No. 2 in the United Kingdom and No. 14 in the United States. It also topped the Hot Modern Rock Tracks chart in the U.S. for eight consecutive weeks, a first for the band. This is the only song in Damon Albarn's career to reach the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked in the top 10 in 17 countries, reaching No. 1 in Spain. The song was listed in Pitchfork Media and Rolling Stone's Best Songs of the 2000s. The song won Best Pop Collaboration at the 2006 Grammy Awards. This song has surpassed "Clint Eastwood" to be Gorillaz's most successful single worldwide. Popdose ranked it 26th on their list of 100 best songs of the decade.

Title: My Fair Lady (Broadway cast recording)

The Broadway cast recording of the musical My Fair Lady was released as an album on April 2, 1956. The songs were composed by Frederick Loewe with lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner and conducted by Franz Allers, while the cast included stars Julie Andrews and Rex Harrison. The album became a massive seller, topping the charts on the US "Billboard" 200 for fifteen weeks at different times in 1956 (eight consecutive weeks), 1957, 1958 and 1959. In the UK, upon its release in 1958, the album reached No.1 for 19 consecutive weeks and became the biggest-selling album of the year. The album was released on Columbia Records, whose President, Goddard Lieberson provided the $375,000 needed to stage the show in return for the rights to the Cast recording. The album was later re-issued on Compact disc in 1988 and has been re-released a number of times since. It is currently available with bonus tracks.

Title: Yeah! (Usher song)

"Yeah!" is a song by American singer Usher. He co-wrote the song with Sean Garrett, Patrick J. Que Smith, Robert McDowell, LRoc, Ludacris, Da'Ron, and Lil Jon. It also features guest vocals from Lil Jon and Ludacris, with the former also producing the song as well as incorporating crunk and R&B—which he coined as crunk&B—in the song's production. The song was released as the lead single from Usher's fourth studio album "Confessions" (2004) on January 27, 2004, after Usher was told by Arista Records, his label at the time, to record more tracks for the album.

Title: Stay (Sugarland song)

"Stay" is a song recorded by American country music duo Sugarland. It was released in September 2007 as the fourth and final single from their album "Enjoy the Ride" (see 2006 in country music). Overall, the song is the group's eighth single to enter the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, where it reached a peak position of #2 for four weeks, stuck behind Taylor Swift's "Our Song", and has become their signature song. The music video for "Stay" was ranked #10 on CMT's 100 Greatest Videos.

Title: The Hard Easy (film)

The Hard Easy is a 2006 American action crime drama film directed by Ari Ryan, and written by Jon Lindstrom and Tom Schanley. The film stars Henry Thomas, Vera Farmiga, David Boreanaz, Bruce Dern, Peter Weller, Gary Busey, and Nick Lachey. The film was released straight-to-DVD in the United States on May 22, 2007.

Title: Moving On (The Office)

"Moving On" is the sixteenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the 192nd episode overall. The episode was written by Graham Wagner. It was directed by Jon Favreau. It originally aired on NBC on February 14, 2013. The episode guest stars Bob Odenkirk, Mary Gillis, Collette Wolfe, and Andy Buckley. The episode also features the return of former series regular Zach Woods as Gabe Lewis.

Title: Brother from Another Series

"Brother from Another Series" is the sixteenth episode of "The Simpsons"<nowiki>'</nowiki> eighth season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 23, 1997. Sideshow Bob is released from prison into the care of his brother Cecil and claims to be a changed man. However, Bart does not believe him and tries to find out what Bob is up to. It was the first episode directed by Pete Michels and was written by Ken Keeler. The episode guest stars Kelsey Grammer in his sixth appearance as Sideshow Bob and David Hyde Pierce as Cecil. The title is not only a pun on the movie "The Brother from Another Planet" (used for a previous episode as well), but also a reference to the fact that guest stars Kelsey Grammer (Frasier Crane) and David Hyde Pierce (Niles Crane) also played bickering brothers on the NBC sitcom "Frasier".

Title: Roy's Wedding

"Roy's Wedding" is the second episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the show's 178th episode overall. The episode originally aired on NBC on September 27, 2012. The episode guest stars David Denman as Roy Anderson, Michael Patrick McGill as his brother Kenny, Robert R. Shafer as Bob Vance, and Ameenah Kaplan as Val.

Title: Brian Doyle-Murray

Brian Doyle-Murray (born Brian Murray, October 31, 1945) is an American actor, voice artist, comedian and screenwriter. He is the older brother of actor/comedian Bill Murray, and the two have acted together in several films, including "Caddyshack", "Scrooged", "Ghostbusters II", "The Razor's Edge", and "Groundhog Day". He co-starred on the TBS sitcom on "Sullivan & Son," where he played the foul-mouthed Hank Murphy. he also appeared in the Cartoon Network original animated series "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack" as the surly Captain K'Nuckles and a pirate ghost, The Flying Dutchman from the Nickelodeon animated series, "SpongeBob SquarePants", he appears in a recurring role as Don Ehlert on the ABC sitcom "The Middle".

Title: The Farm (The Office)

"The Farm" is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office" and the 192nd overall. It originally aired on NBC on March 14, 2013. The episode guest stars Matt Jones as Dwight's cousin Zeke, Majandra Delfino as Dwight's sister Fannie, Blake Garrett Rosenthal as his nephew, and Thomas Middleditch as his brother.

Title: The Hard Easy (Adventure Time)

"The Hard Easy" is the twenty-third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time". The episode was written and storyboarded by Tom Herpich and Skyler Page, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on October 1, 2012. The episode guest stars Brian Doyle-Murray as Prince Huge and Jonathan Katz as the Mudscamp elder.

Title: Web Weirdos

"Web Weirdos" is the third episode of the fourth season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time". The episode was written and storyboarded by Ako Castuera and Jesse Moynihan, from a story by Patrick McHale, Kent Osborne, and Pendleton Ward. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on April 16, 2012. The episode guest stars both Bobcat Goldthwait and Susie Essman. The series follows the adventures of Finn (voiced by Jeremy Shada), a human boy, and his best friend and adoptive brother Jake (voiced by John DiMaggio), a dog with magical powers to change shape and grow and shrink at will. In this episode, Finn must help a grumpy spider couple, whose names are Barb and Ed, reconcile before he and Jake are eaten.

Title: Evicted!

"Evicted!" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American animated television series "Adventure Time". The episode was written and storyboarded by Bert Youn and Sean Jimenez, from a story by Adam Muto. It originally aired on Cartoon Network on March 18, 2010 as a preview for the series; it later officially aired on May 17, 2010. The episode guest stars Erik Estrada as King Worm. The episode marks the first appearance of Marceline the Vampire Queen (voiced by Olivia Olson), who would go on to play a larger role in the series as a friend and companion to Finn and Jake.

Title: Andy's Ancestry

"Andy's Ancestry" is the third episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office". The episode originally aired on NBC on October 4, 2012. The episode was written by Jonathan Green and Gabe Miller, and was directed by David Rogers. The episode guest stars Randall Park as Jim and Pam's actor friend, Steve.

Title: 2017–18 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

The 2017–18 season is Wigan Athletic's 86th year in existence and their first back in League One, after being relegated the previous season. Along with competing in the league, the club will also participate in the FA Cup, EFL Cup and EFL Trophy. Paul Cook was appointed as manager on 31 May 2017, signing a 3 year deal, following the departure of much of the previous coaching staff the day before.

Title: 2007–08 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

The 2007–08 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the club's 30th season in the Football League and their third season in the Premier League.

Title: EFL Cup

The EFL Cup (referred to historically, and colloquially, as simply the League Cup), currently known as the Carabao Cup for sponsorship reasons, is an annual knockout football competition in men's domestic English football. Organised by the English Football League (EFL), it is open to any club within the top four levels of the English football league system – 92 clubs in total – comprising the top level Premier League, and the three divisions of the English Football League's own league competition (Championship, League One and League Two).

Title: Springfield Park (Wigan)

Springfield Park was a multi-purpose stadium in Wigan, Greater Manchester. It was the home ground of Wigan Athletic F.C. until the club moved to the new JJB Stadium (now DW Stadium) after the 1998–99 season. At its largest, the stadium held 40,000. In its 102-year existence the ground only saw 32 years as a Football League venue, 11 years for Wigan Borough F.C. and 21 years for Wigan Athletic FC, before it was demolished to make way for a housing estate in 1999.

Title: Trinidad and Tobago League Cup

The Trinidad and Tobago League Cup, or commonly known as the First Citizens Cup for sponsorship reasons, is the league cup style football competition open for Trinidad and Tobago teams competing in the country's TT Pro League. Similar to the FA Trophy, it is played on a knockout (single elimination) basis in September and October towards the beginning of each Pro League season. Unlike the FA Trophy, where 36 teams enter each season from the top three tiers of the Trinidad and Tobago football league system and the Secondary Schools Football League, only teams from the TT Pro League compete in the league cup. The knockout tournament was inaugurated in 2000 and is currently sponsored by First Citizens Bank. Although the league cup is one of the three major domestic trophies attainable by Trinidad and Tobago league teams, it is perceived as a lower priority than the league championship and the FA Trophy. The current theme is "Where Winners Reign", with TT$110,000 to the winner, TT$20,000 to the runners-up, semifinal winners receive TT$7,000, quaterfinal winners receive TT$5,000 and Play-off round winners receive TT$3,000.

Title: 1979–80 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

The 1979–80 season was the 42nd season in the history of Wigan Athletic F.C. and their second as a professional club in the Football League.

Title: Nick Powell

Nicholas Edward "Nick" Powell (born 23 March 1994) is an English professional footballer who plays for Wigan Athletic as a midfielder. He began his career at Crewe Alexandra, initially as a forward, making his debut at the age of 16. After impressing for Crewe Alexandra during the 2011–12 season, including scoring in their 2–0 victory in the League Two play-off Final, he moved to Manchester United in July 2012. Unable to break into the Manchester United first team, however, he went on loan to Wigan Athletic, Leicester City and Hull City before being released in June 2016. He joined Wigan Athletic in July 2016. He has represented England at under-16, under-17, under-18, under-19 and under-21 levels.

Title: 2006–07 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

The 2006–07 Wigan Athletic F.C. season was the club's 29th season in the Football League and their second season in the Premier League.

Title: 1978–79 Wigan Athletic F.C. season

The 1978–79 season was the 41st season in the history of Wigan Athletic F.C. and their first as a professional club in the Football League. After finishing 2nd in the Northern Premier League during the previous season, the club was nominated to apply for Football League status, and were elected into the league to replace Southport. After a poor start, the club exceeded expectations in the league, and towards the end of the season, a second consecutive promotion seemed possible. The club eventually fell short, finishing the season in 6th place with a total of 55 points.

Title: List of Wigan Borough F.C. players

Wigan Borough F.C. was an English football club based in the town of Wigan. The club was founded in 1920 and joined the Lancashire Combination. In 1921, Borough turned professional when their application was accepted to play in the inaugural season of the newly formed Football League Third Division North. The team played in the Football League for ten seasons, with their most successful season coming in 1928–29, finishing fourth in the league and reaching the third round of the FA Cup. Wigan Borough folded during the 1931–32 season due to financial problems, and League football did not return to the town until Wigan Athletic F.C. were elected into the Football League in 1978.

Title: List of Teen Titans Go! episodes

"Teen Titans Go! " is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans". The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts, both of which are based on the 2003 "Teen Titans" TV series. "Teen Titans Go!" is a more comedic take on the DC Comics franchise, dealing with situations that happen every day. Sporting a new animation style, "Teen Titans Go!" serves as a comedic spin-off with no continuity to the previous series, and only certain elements are retained. Many DC characters make cameo appearances and are referenced in the background. The original principal voice cast returns to reprise their respective roles.

Title: Teen Titans (season 4)

The fourth season of the animated television series "Teen Titans", based on the DC comics series of the same time by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States. Developed by television writer David Slack, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. It stars Scott Menville, Hynden Walch, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, and Greg Cipes as the main characters.

Title: Tara Strong

Tara Strong (born Tara Lyn Charendoff; February 12, 1973) is a Canadian–American actress who has done voice work for numerous animations and video games and performed in various live-action productions. Many of her major voice roles include animated series such as "Rugrats", "The Powerpuff Girls", "The Fairly OddParents", "Drawn Together", "Teen Titans" and the spin-off series "Teen Titans Go! ", and "", as well as video games such as "Mortal Kombat X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and the "" series. Her portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards and Daytime Emmys, and an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.

Title: Roy Harper (comics)

Roy Harper is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Roy is one of DC's most longstanding characters, originating in 1940s comics as Speedy, the teen sidekick of the superhero Green Arrow. Like his mentor Green Arrow, Roy is a world-class archer and athlete who uses his exceptional marksmanship to fight crime. Along with other prominent DC Comics superhero sidekicks, he goes on to become a core member of the superhero group the Teen Titans. As an adult, Roy casts off his Speedy identity to establish himself as the superhero Arsenal, and for a time adopts the name Red Arrow to symbolise his having become an equal of Green Arrow. As well as continuing to serve as one of the Titans at various times, Roy has had leading roles in the superhero groups the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Outsiders, the Justice League, and the Outlaws.

Title: Teen Titans Go! (TV series)

Teen Titans Go! is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans". The series was announced following the popularity of DC Nation's New Teen Titans shorts.

Title: Teen Titans (season 1)

The first season of the animated television series Teen Titans, based on the DC comics series created by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani, originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States. Developed by television writer David Slack, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation. It stars Scott Menville, Hynden Walch, Khary Payton, Tara Strong, and Greg Cipes as the voices of the main characters.

Title: Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo

Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo is a 2006 television animated superhero film adaptation of the DC Comics superhero team Teen Titans. It is set in the milieu of the animated series "Teen Titans" that ran from 2003–2006. The film premiered on Cartoon Network on September 15, 2006 and on Kids' WB on September 16, 2006. " Teen Titans" head writer David Slack returned for this movie.

Title: Teen Titans

The Teen Titans, also known as the New Teen Titans and the Titans, are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, often in an eponymous monthly series. As the group's name suggests, its members are teenage superheroes, many of whom have acted as sidekicks to DC's premiere superheroes in the Justice League. First appearing in 1964 in "The Brave and the Bold" #54, the team was founded by Kid Flash (Wally West), Robin (Dick Grayson), and Aqualad (Garth), with the team adopting the name Teen Titans in issue 60 following the addition of Wonder Girl (Donna Troy) to its ranks.

Title: Tara Strong filmography

Tara Strong (born Tara Lyn Charendoff; February 12, 1973) is a Canadian–American actress who has done voice work for numerous animations and video games and performed in various live-action productions. Many of her major voice roles include animated series such as "Rugrats", "The Powerpuff Girls", "The Fairly OddParents", "Drawn Together", "Teen Titans" and the spin-off series "Teen Titans Go! ", and "", as well as video games such as "Mortal Kombat X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and the "" series. Her portrayals have garnered nominations in the Annie Awards and Daytime Emmys, and an award from the Academy of Interactive Arts & Sciences.

Title: List of Teen Titans episodes

"Teen Titans" is an American animated television series based on the DC comics series of the same name by Bob Haney and Bruno Premiani. Developed by David Slack for Cartoon Network, the series was produced by DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Animation with Sander Schwartz serving as executive producer and Glen Murakami, Bruce Timm, and Linda M. Steiner signing on as producers. The series follows the adventures of a team of crime-fighting teenaged superheroes, consisting of the leader Robin (voiced by Scott Menville), foreign alien princess Starfire (voiced by Hynden Walch), the technological genius Cyborg (voiced by Khary Payton), the dark sorceress Raven (voiced by Tara Strong), and the green shapeshifter Beast Boy (voiced by Greg Cipes).

Title: 122nd SS-Standarte

The 122nd SS-Standarte was a regimental command of the Allgemeine-SS that was formed in the city of Strasbourg during World War II. The Standarte was activated on November 12, 1940, and reached battalion strength by the end of the year. The command was a successor to the previously disbanded 121st SS-Standarte, also situated in Strasbourg.

Title: 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron

The 122nd Hydroplane Liaison Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijska eskadrila za vezu / 122. хидроавијацијска ескадрила за везу") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force formed on July 24, 1949, as 122nd Hydroplane Section ("Serbo-Croatian: 122. hidroavijacijsko odeljenje/ 122. хидроавијацијско одељење") as part of Yugoslav Navy.

Title: 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron

The 122nd Fighter Aviation Squadron ("Serbo-Croatian: 122. lovačka avijacijska eskadrila / 122. ловачка авијацијска ескадрила") was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force established in April 1961 as part of 94th Fighter Aviation Regiment at Skopski Petrovac military airport.

Title: Strasbourg

Strasbourg ( , ] ; Alsatian: "Strossburi"; German: "Straßburg" ] ) is the capital and largest city of the Grand Est region of France and is the official seat of the European Parliament. Located close to the border with Germany in the historic region of Alsace, it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin département. In 2014, the city proper had 276,170 inhabitants and both the Eurométropole de Strasbourg (Greater Strasbourg) and the Arrondissement of Strasbourg had 484,157 inhabitants. Strasbourg's metropolitan area had a population of 773,347 in 2013 (not counting the section across the border in Germany), making it the ninth largest metro area in France and home to 13% of the Grand Est region's inhabitants. The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau had a population of 915,000 inhabitants in 2014.

Title: 122nd Division

In military terms, 122nd Division or 122nd Infantry Division may refer to:

Title: 122nd Ohio Infantry

The 122nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 122nd OVI) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.

Title: 122nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 122nd Infantry Regiment is an infantry regiment of the United States Army. It is a component of the Georgia Army National Guard and traces its roots back to the year 1857. It exists today as the 122nd Regiment–Regional Training Institute.

Title: 122d Fighter Squadron

The 122nd Fighter Squadron (122nd FS) is a unit of the Louisiana Air National Guard 159th Fighter Wing located at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base New Orleans, Louisiana. The 122nd is equipped with the F-15C/D Eagle.

Title: 122nd (Muskoka) Battalion, CEF

The 122nd Battalion, CEF was a unit in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the First World War. Based in Huntsville, Ontario, the unit began recruiting in late 1915 in the Muskoka district. After sailing to England in June 1917, the battalion was absorbed into the Canadian Forestry Depot on June 9, 1917. The 122nd Battalion, CEF had one Officer Commanding: Lieut-Col. D. M. Grant.

Title: 122nd Division (Imperial Japanese Army)

The 122nd Division (第122師団 , Dai-hyakunijūni Shidan ) was an infantry division of the Imperial Japanese Army. Its call sign was the Maizuru Division (舞鶴兵団 , Maizuru Heidan ) . It was formed 16 January in Mudanjiang as a triangular division. It was a part of a batch of eight simultaneously created divisions comprising the 121st, 122nd, 123rd, 124th, 125th, 126th, 127th and 128th Divisions. The nucleus for the formation was the 4th Independent Border Group and the remnants of the 11th Division.

Title: Queen's Day (disambiguation)

Queen's Day or "Koninginnedag" is the former name of a national holiday in the Netherlands, the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba from 1890 to 2013. It has since been renamed King's Day or "Koningsdag" to honor the birthday of King Willem-Alexander.

Title: Children's Day (Japan)

Children's Day (こどもの日 , Kodomo no Hi ) is a Japanese national holiday which takes place annually on May 5, the fifth day of the fifth month, and is the final celebration in Golden Week. It is a day set aside to respect children's personalities and to celebrate their happiness. It was designated a national holiday by the Japanese government in 1948. It has been a day of celebration in Japan since ancient times.

Title: Garifuna Settlement Day

Garifuna Settlement Day is a public holiday in Belize, celebrated each year on November 19. The holiday was created by Belizean civil rights activist, Thomas Vincent Ramos, in 1941. It was recognized as a public holiday in the southern districts of Belize in 1943, and declared a national holiday in 1977. The holiday celebrates the settlement of the Garifuna people in Belize after being exiled from the Grenadines by the British army. The major festivities for the holiday occur in the town of Dangriga, including parades, street music, and traditional dancing.

Title: Koningsdag

Koningsdag (] ) or King's Day is a national holiday in the Kingdom of the Netherlands. Celebrated on 27 April (26 April if the 27th is a Sunday), the date marks the birth of King Willem-Alexander.

Title: Jounen Kwéyòl

Jounen Kwéyòl (Creole Day) is celebrated in Saint Lucia on the last Sunday of October across the entire island, and has been held annually since 1984. On the Sunday of this week, the various towns chosen to host this festival put out the result of their grand preparations; local dishes and foods such as roast breadfruit, Green Fig and Salt Fish (The National Dish of Saint Lucia), plantain, king fish, Manicou (opossum), Souse (a soup made with pork and often cucumber), fried bake and floats, Accra (a fried dough which contains salt fish), Paime (otherwise known as Conkies) and a famous dish known as Bouillon (fish, chicken or meat stewed with dasheen, yams, plantains, banana and dumplings) Also local drinks such as Cocoa Tea, Golden Apple Juice, Guava Juice and more. Apart from the food part, the event is collaborated with kweyol music some of which have been past down to and from many generations. The most widely used instrument besides vocals are the Tambos (drums) and are beaten throughout as people speak in the creole language and have a merry time. Most people commemorate this day by wearing the island's National Wear such as the Wob Dwiete. Persons who do not want to wear the extreme layers of skirts and dresses make clothing out of special plaid material called Madras which is one of the cloths used in the national wear. Among the places which celebrate it every year are Mon Repos and Dennery.

Title: The Eighth (United States)

The Eighth was a federal holiday in the United States from 1828 until 1861. It honored the Battle of New Orleans, which took place on January 8, 1815, with Tennessee's Andrew Jackson leading a successful battle against regular British soldiers and freed slaves. The holiday was celebrated widely across the US South after this final battle in the War of 1812. "The Eighth" became an official national holiday in 1828, following Jackson's election as President. The Eighth continued as an official national holiday from 1828 until the advent of the American Civil War.

Title: Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day

Saint-Jean-Baptiste Day (French: "Fête de la Saint-Jean-Baptiste" ), officially known in Quebec as the National Holiday, (French: "la fête nationale" ) is a holiday celebrated annually on June 24, the feast day of the Nativity of St. John the Baptist. In Quebec, it is a public holiday with festivities occurring on June 23 and 24 which are publicly financed and organized by a "Comité organisateur de la fête nationale" (National Holiday Organizing Committee). June 24 is also celebrated as a festival of French Canadian culture in other Canadian provinces and the United States.

Title: Oranjegekte

Oranjegekte (Orange craze) or Oranjekoorts (Orange fever) is a phenomenon in the Netherlands that occurs during major sporting events, especially international football championships, and during Koningsdag, an annual holiday celebrating the king's birthday. It manifests itself in the wearing of orange clothing such as T-shirts, caps and scarfs; lavish attention for sports and sports fans in the media; and the decoration of cars, rooms, houses, shops, and even entire streets in orange, the traditional color of the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau.

Title: White Sunday

White Sunday is a national holiday in Samoa falling on the second Sunday of October, with the Monday following a public holiday. It is a day for parents and communities to acknowledge and celebrate childhood by hosting special programs during church services which include scriptural recitations. Biblical story reenactments, and creative dance performances. Children receive gifts (often new clothing and/or school supplies) on White Sunday and are allowed privileges normally reserved for elders, such as being the first to be served food at family meal time.

Title: Christmas in the Basque Country

Christmas in the Basque Country starts with the of Santo Tomas on 21 December, a celebration in which most people go out onto the streets to dance and eat talo with txistorra (a type of Basque chorizo). They wear a traditional outfit called the casera dress. For girls it consists of a long skirt and a long-sleeved old-fashioned shirt with headscarves and aprons. The boys wear a long black shirt, trousers and txapela (traditional black beret). The casera outfits are normally dark blue, but can come in many colors. They wear caseras because that is what the people of the mountain wear and the holiday used to celebrate the peasants who sold their goods in town and came on Santo Tomas to pay rent to landlords in the city.

Title: Romeo and Juliet on screen

William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet may be one of the most-screened plays of all time. The most notable theatrical releases were George Cukor's multi-Oscar-nominated 1936 production "Romeo and Juliet", Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 film "Romeo and Juliet", and Baz Luhrmann's 1996 MTV-inspired "Romeo + Juliet". The latter two were both, at the time, the highest-grossing Shakespeare films. Cukor featured the mature actors Norma Shearer and Leslie Howard as the teenage lovers while Zeffirelli populated his film with beautiful young people, and Baz Luhrmann produced a heavily cut fast-paced version aimed at teenage audiences.

Title: Romeo

Romeo Montague (Italian: "Romeo Montecchi" ) is the protagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Romeo and Juliet". The son of Montague and his wife, he secretly loves and marries Juliet, a member of the rival House of Capulet. Forced into exile after slaying Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, in a duel, Romeo commits suicide upon hearing falsely of Juliet's death.

Title: Romeo + Juliet

William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet (shortened to Romeo + Juliet) is a 1996 American romantic drama film directed, co-produced, and co-written by Baz Luhrmann, co-produced by Gabriella Martinelli, and co-written by Craig Pearce, being an adaptation and modernization of William Shakespeare's tragedy "Romeo and Juliet". The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes in the leading roles of Romeo and Juliet, who instantly fall in love when Romeo crashes a party and meets her, despite their being members of the Montague and Capulet family; Brian Dennehy, John Leguizamo, Pete Postlethwaite, Paul Sorvino, and Diane Venora star in supporting roles.

Title: A rose by any other name would smell as sweet

"A rose by any other name would smell as sweet" is a popular reference to William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet", in which Juliet seems to argue that it does not matter that Romeo is from her rival's house of Montague, that is, that he is named "Montague." The reference is often used to imply that the names of things do not affect what they really are. This formulation is, however, a paraphrase of Shakespeare's actual language, seen underlined below. This scene is called the balcony scene by many people. Juliet not only makes the statement above but compares Romeo to a rose saying that if he wasn't named Romeo he would still be handsome and be Juliet's Love. Also as said before this states that if he wasn't Romeo, then he wouldn't be a Montague and she would be able to get married with no problem at all.

Title: List of Romeo × Juliet episodes

"Romeo × Juliet" (ロミオ×ジュリエット , Romio to Jurietto ) is a 24-episode anime television adaptation of "Romeo and Juliet", a 16th-century tragedy originally written by William Shakespeare. The English playwright himself makes a cameo appearance in the series as a minor character. The series was produced jointly by Gonzo and SKY Perfect Well Think, with Fumitoshi Oizaki as the main director. It was first broadcast in Japan on Chubu-Nippon Broadcasting between April 4, 2007 and September 26, 2007. It was later broadcast by other Japanese television networks such as TBS, KBS Kyōto and SUN-TV. It was broadcast in Hungary by Animax and in Italy by Rai 4. The chief screenwriter for the series was Reiko Yoshida. The music was composed by Hitoshi Sakimoto and performed by Eminence Symphony Orchestra with Tomohiro Yoshida as sound director. The series used three pieces of theme music. The opening theme was "Inori (You Raise Me Up)" (祈り 〜You Raise Me Up〜 ) by Lena Park. "Cyclone" (サイクロン) ) by 12012 was the ending theme for the first 14 episodes. "Good Bye, Yesterday" by Mizrock was the ending theme for episodes 15 to 23. "Inori: You Raise Me Up" by Lena Park was used as a special ending for episode 24. The anime is licensed in North America by Funimation. The complete series was released in two sections, with the first half of the series, the "Romeo Collection" being released June 23, 2009 and the second half of the series, the "Juliet Collection" being released August 11, 2009.

Title: Tromeo and Juliet

Tromeo and Juliet is a 1996 American independent transgressive romantic comedy film and a loose adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Romeo & Juliet" from Troma Entertainment. The film was directed by Lloyd Kaufman from a screenplay by Kaufman and James Gunn, who also served as associate director.

Title: Romeo × Juliet

Romeo × Juliet (ロミオ×ジュリエット , Romio to Jurietto ) is an anime television series, loosely based on William Shakespeare's classical play, "Romeo and Juliet", along with numerous references and characters from other Shakespearean plays. Though the anime borrows mostly from Shakespeare's story, the manga adaptation differs extensively from the original. "Romeo × Juliet" was broadcast in Japan on Chubu-Nippon, broadcasting from April 4, 2007 to September 26, 2007. In 2009, "Romeo × Juliet" was dubbed into English and released by Funimation Entertainment.

Title: James Gunn

James Gunn (born August 5) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, novelist, actor, and musician. He started his career as a screenwriter in the mid-1990s, writing the scripts for "Tromeo and Juliet" (1996), "Scooby-Doo" (2002) and its sequel "" (2004), and the 2004 version of "Dawn of the Dead". He then started working also as a director, starting with "Slither" (2006). He subsequently wrote and directed the web series "James Gunn's PG Porn", and the superhero films "Super" (2010), "Guardians of the Galaxy" (2014) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017).

Title: James Gunn's PG Porn

James Gunn's PG Porn is a web series created by brothers James Gunn, Brian Gunn, and Sean Gunn. It consists of a series of pornography spoofs, with a humorous event occurring just before the supposed commencement of pornographic sexual acts. Each episode pairs a mainstream actor with a pornographic actress or model. The tagline is, "For people who love everything about Porn...except the sex."

Title: The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet (film)

The Tragedy of Romeo and Juliet is a 1982 film adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet", directed by William Woodman and starring Alex Hyde-White as Romeo and Blanche Baker as Juliet.

Title: Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency

The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency is an intelligence officer who, upon nomination by the President and confirmation by the Senate, serves as the nation's highest-ranking military intelligence officer. As the chief of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Director is the primary intelligence adviser to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and also answers to the Director of National Intelligence through the civilian Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. The Director is also the Commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance, a subordinate command of United States Strategic Command. Additionally, he chairs the Military Intelligence Board, which coordinates activities of the entire defense intelligence community.

Title: National Intelligence Superior Service Medal

The National Intelligence Superior Service Medal is an award of the National Intelligence Awards Program that recognizes an individual's superior service or a lasting contribution over a long period of time to the United States Intelligence Community and the United States as a whole. The medal ranks below the National Intelligence Distinguished Service Medal, but above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal.

Title: National Intelligence Medal of Achievement

The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement is an award that was presented to members of the United States Intelligence Community, both civilian and military, to recognize significant acts of service to the community as a whole. The National Intelligence Medal of Achievement was replaced with the equivalent National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal, during the restructuring of the National Intelligence Community Awards (NICA) Program, with the revision of Intelligence Community Directive 655 (National Intelligence Awards Program) in 2012.

Title: National Intelligence Board

The National Intelligence Board (formerly the National Foreign Intelligence Board) is a body of senior U.S. intelligence community leaders led by the Director of National Intelligence (DNI). The Board is tasked with reviewing and approving National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs).

Title: Robert Suettinger

Robert Suettinger was United States President Bill Clinton's national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council (NIC) from 1997-1998. While there, Suettinger oversaw the preparation of national intelligence estimates for the director of the Central Intelligence Agency. His areas of specialty included the People's Republic of China and the North Korean nuclear weapons program. After working in the Clinton administration, Suettinger has been a senior analyst for the Brookings Institution where he wrote the book "Beyond Tiananmen – The Politics of U.S.-China Relations, 1989-2000". He also is a senior advisor at The Stimson Center.

Title: Bill Clinton

William Jefferson Clinton (born William Jefferson Blythe III; August 19, 1946) is an American politician who served as the 42nd President of the United States from 1993 to 2001. Prior to the presidency, he was the Governor of Arkansas during two separate terms, from 1979 to 1981, and again from 1983 to 1992. Before that, he served as Arkansas attorney general, from 1977 to 1979. A member of the Democratic Party, Clinton was ideologically a New Democrat and many of his policies reflected a centrist "Third Way" political philosophy.

Title: National Intelligence Cross

The National Intelligence Cross is a decoration of the United States Intelligence Community (IC) awarded under the National Intelligence Awards (NIA) Program by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI). It is the highest award presented by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. It is equivalent of the Central Intelligence Agency's Distinguished Intelligence Cross.

Title: National Intelligence Reform Medal

The National Intelligence Reform Medal is an award of the United States Intelligence Community's National Intelligence Awards Program that recognizes extraordinary service in implementing the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act. The medal ranks below the National Intelligence Superior Service Medal, but above the National Intelligence Exceptional Achievement Medal. Established 23 May 2007 with the creation of the National Intelligence Awards Program, it was retired in November 2010.

Title: Ground Intelligence Officer

Ground Intelligence Officer (MOS 0203) is a primary military occupation code (or MOS) of an U.S. Marine Corps intelligence officer. Ground intelligence officers serve as staff officers and commanders in the operating forces and are responsible for analyzing intelligence and planning, deployment and tactical employment of ground surveillance and reconnaissance units. The Ground Intelligence Officer can be a Recon Marine after their training is done.

Title: National Intelligence Estimate

National Intelligence Estimates (NIEs) are United States federal government documents that are the authoritative assessment of the Director of National Intelligence (DNI) on intelligence related to a particular national security issue. NIEs are produced by the National Intelligence Council and express the coordinated judgments of the United States Intelligence Community, the group of 16 U.S. intelligence agencies. NIEs are classified documents prepared for policymakers.

Title: Coco Ho

Coco Malia Camille Hapaikekoa Ho (born April 28, 1991) is a professional Hawaiian surfer born in Honolulu, Hawaii. She began surfing at 7 years old, following in the footsteps of her family. Today, Coco has won over 25 surfing awards and has been voted a top three fan favorite in Surfer magazine’s Surfer Poll.

Title: Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015

The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015 was an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2015 ASP World Tour.

Title: John John Florence

John "John" Alexander Florence (born 18 October 1992) is an American professional surfer. He is known as "one of the most dominant Pipe surfers of his era" and has most recently won the title of 2016 World Surf League Men's Champion, thus naming him the best surfer in the world. He is the first Hawaiian champion since 3 times world champion Andy Irons.

Title: Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014

The Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2014 is an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2014 ASP World Tour.

Title: MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2017

The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2017 is an event of the World Surf League for the 2017 World Surf League Men's Championship Tour.

Title: Supertubos

The Supertubos (Portuguese for "Supertubes") is a beach located in Peniche, Portugal, which due to its great conditions of surfing and its curvy waves and tubes helds every year the MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal, one of the World Surf League Men's Championship Tour events.

Title: Andy Irons

Philip Andrew Irons (July 24, 1978November 2, 2010) was an American professional surfer. Irons learned to surf on the dangerous and shallow reefs of the North Shore in Kauai, Hawaii. Over the course of his professional career, he won three world titles (2002, 2003, 2004), three Quiksilver Pro France titles (2003, 2004, 2005), two Rip Curl Pro Search titles (2006 and 2007) and 20 elite tour victories including the Vans Triple Crown of Surfing four times from 2002-2006. On September 3, 2010 he won the Billabong Pro Teahupoo in Tahiti. He and his family hosted the Annual Irons Brothers Pinetrees Classic, a contest for youngsters. The Governor of Hawaii declared February 13 forever "Andy Irons Day". He is the only surfer to have won a title at every venue on the ASP calendar.

Title: MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2016

The MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2016 was an event of the World Surf League for 2016 World Surf League Men's Championship Tour.

Title: Barton Lynch

Barton Lynch (born August 9, 1963) is an Australian surfer known for his competitive prowess and style. In 1988, he was crowned ASP World Tour Champion. He also won the 1991 Rip Curl Pro. In 1998, he was inducted into the Australian Surfing Hall of Fame, and in 2000, he was inducted into the Australian Sporting Hall of Fame.

Title: MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal

MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal formerly known as "Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal" or "Rip Curl Pro Portugal" is a professional surfing competition of the ASP World Tour held every year in October at the Supertubos beach in Peniche, Portugal. The event was first founded in 2009 as "Rip Curl Search Portugal". The defending champion is the 2016 WSL champion, John John Florence who won the event in 2016.

Title: Barend

Barend or (somewhat dated spelling) Barent is a Dutch male given name and occasional middle name. As of 2014, there are over than 4,000 men in the Netherlands with this as their first name, and nearly 3,000 with it as their middle name. It was likely derived from Bernard. Notable people with the name include:

Title: Marion Christopher Barry

Marion Christopher Barry was born in June 1980 to Marion Barry and Barry's third wife, Effi Slaughter Barry. He was their only child. His father had wanted to name him Marion Barry III, but Effi was strongly opposed, and they decided to give him the middle name Christopher instead. For most of his adult life, Barry went by his middle name, Christopher.

Title: Suburban Madness

Suburban Madness is an American crime drama television film, based on a true story, starring Sela Ward as PI Bobbi Bacha of Blue Moon Investigations. It aired on CBS on October 3, 2004.

Title: Latvian name

Latvian names, like in most European cultures, consist of two main elements: the given name ("vārds") followed by family name ("uzvārds"). During the Soviet occupation (1940 - 1991) the practice of giving a middle name was discouraged, but since the restoration of Independence Latvian legislation again allows giving of up to two given names and it has become more common to give a middle name to children.

Title: Sela Ward

Sela Ann Ward (born July 11, 1956) is an American actress, author and producer, best known for her roles on television beginning in the early '80s.

Title: Singh

Singh is a title, middle name or surname, which originated in India. Derived from the Sanskrit word for lion, it was adopted as a title by certain warrior castes in India. It was mandated by Guru Gobind Singh for all Sikhs. It was later adopted by several castes and communities. As a surname or a middle name, it is now found throughout the Indian subcontinent and among the Indian diaspora, cutting across communities and religious groups, becoming more of a title than a surname.

Title: Bobbi Bacha

Bobbi Bacha is a Texas Private Investigator portrayed in 2004 TV Sony Pictures Movie "Suburban Madness" played by actress Sela Ward. Bobbi Bacha also was involved and worked on the case of New York millionaire Robert Durst who was charged with murder in Galveston, Texas for killing his neighbor Morris Black but was found not guilty by a Galveston County Jury.

Title: Jeff Strabone

Jeff Strabone is a Brooklyn-based American scholar, political activist and civic leader. In 2016, his website "directelection.org" listed the names and addresses of members of the U.S. Electoral College, and he urged people to write to electors to ask them not to vote for president-elect Donald Trump, an effort which brought him national attention. As a civic leader in Brooklyn, he has been active in promoting theatre preservation, building codes and housing issues, hospital preservation, and traffic flow. He has been a leader of Brooklyn's Cobble Hill Association, a neighborhood preservation group. He is the co-founder and chairman of the New Brooklyn Theatre. In 2008, he changed his middle name to "Hussein" as a show of solidarity with then presidential candidate Barack Obama, who was running for the office of president, and who had been criticized for his Muslim-sounding middle name. He is an associate professor of English and teaches British and African literature, and he was granted tenure at Connecticut College in 2016. He commented about the post-election effort:

Title: Chris Funk

Christopher Funk is an American musician and multi-instrumentalist best known as a member of the Portland, Oregon, indie rock band The Decemberists. He plays guitar, pedal steel, piano, violin, dobro, hurdy-gurdy, mandolin, saxophone, the theremin and many other instruments. According to Colin Meloy, as stated at the Pilgrimage Festival in Franklin, TN on September 27, 2015, Funk was originally given the middle name "Ryman" but a clerical error on his birth certificate resulted in his middle name being recorded as "Lyman."

Title: Middle name

In several cultures, people's names usually include one or more names in addition to the portion that is usually considered adequate to identify them. In a number of cultures where a given name is expected to precede the surname, such a name is likely to be placed after the given name and before the surname, and thus called a middle name. In English-speaking American culture, that term is often applied (arguably mistakenly) to names, occupying that position, even if the bearer would insist that that name is being mistakenly called a "middle name", and is actually (to mention several types of atypical cases):

Title: High Commission of Australia, London

The High Commission of Australia in London is the diplomatic mission of Australia in the United Kingdom. It is located in Australia House, a Grade II listed building. It is both Australia's first diplomatic mission and the longest continuously occupied diplomatic mission in the United Kingdom.

Title: Diplomatic mission

A diplomatic mission or foreign mission is a group of people from one state or an organisation present in another state to represent the sending state/organisation officially in the receiving state. In practice, a diplomatic mission usually denotes the resident mission, namely the embassy, which is the office of a country's diplomatic representatives in the capital city of another country, whereas consulates are diplomatic missions which are not performed in the capital of the receiving state. As well as being a diplomatic mission to the country in which it is situated, it may also be a non-resident permanent mission to one or more other countries. There are thus resident and non-resident embassies.

Title: Diplomatic bag

A diplomatic bag, also known as a diplomatic pouch, is a container with certain legal protections used for carrying official correspondence or other items between a diplomatic mission and its home government or other diplomatic, consular, or otherwise official entities. The physical concept of a "diplomatic bag" is flexible and therefore can take many forms (e.g., a cardboard box, briefcase, duffel bag, large suitcase, crate or even a shipping container). Additionally, a diplomatic bag usually has some form of lock and/or tamper-evident seal attached to it in order to deter or detect interference by unauthorized third parties. The most important point is that as long as it is externally marked to show its status, the "bag" has diplomatic immunity from search or seizure, as codified in article 27 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations. It may only contain articles intended for official use. It is often escorted by a diplomatic courier, who is similarly immune from arrest and detention.

Title: Embassy of China, London

The Embassy of China in London is the diplomatic mission of China in the United Kingdom. The Embassy in London is China's only embassy in the UK, alongside two Consulates-General in Edinburgh and Manchester. Established in 1877 as the Chinese Legation, the London mission was China's first permanent overseas diplomatic mission. It has served as the diplomatic mission of the Qing Empire, Republic of China and (since 1950) the People's Republic of China. It was the location of the Qing Empire's detention of Sun Yat-sen, an important episode in the Chinese revolution of 1911. It remains today the focal point for events relating to China held in the United Kingdom, including celebrations in 2012 to commemorate 40 years of diplomatic relations between the UK and the People's Republic of China.

Title: Alvaro Mexia

Alvaro Mexia was a 17th-century Spanish explorer and cartographer of the east coast of Florida. Mexia was stationed in St Augustine and was given a diplomatic mission to the native populations living south of St. Augustine and in the Cape Canaveral area. This mission resulted in a "Period of Friendship" between the Spanish and the Ais native population.

Title: Embassy of the United States, Nairobi

The Embassy of the United States of America to Kenya (also known as Embassy Nairobi by the State Department), located in Nairobi, is home to the diplomatic mission of the United States to the Republic of Kenya. The embassy opened in central Nairobi in 1964, when the United States established diplomatic relations with Kenya. In 1998, the original embassy was the target of a terrorist attack, after which a new embassy building was constructed in Gigiri, a suburb of Nairobi, in 2003. The US diplomatic mission to Somalia is also based at the Nairobi embassy.

Title: List of diplomatic missions of Azerbaijan

Although Azerbaijan initiated diplomatic relations with Western and other countries since the Safavids dynasty in XVI century, the first diplomatic body - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was established in 1918 when Azerbaijan was formed as a republic for the first time and Mehmet Hasan Hacınkski became the first minister. The parliament sent the diplomatic delegation to the Ottoman State after signing the first international document - the Pact of Peace and Friendship - with this state and on this agreement, the Ottoman State became the first country recognizing independence of the ADR. The next step, the "Friendship and Peace" treaty with Iran was signed on 20 March 1919. And the diplomatic mission of Azerbaijan had started to work as a consulate in Tehran and other cities. However, this successful revival continued until the Russian army entered Baku on April 28, 1920. The diplomatic delegation of the Republic attended the Paris Peace Conference, 1919. As a result of the national democratic movement that started in Azerbaijan in 1988-1990, the country restored its independence on 5 February, 1991. Afterwards, Azerbaijan started to create bilateral relations with other countries. In this regard, the diplomatic missions have been established in foreign countries. Today Azerbaijan has embassies and consulates in more than 70 countries. Recent diplomatic missions started to operate in Brasil, Australia and Vietnam.

Title: Head of mission

In diplomatic usage, head of mission (HOM) or chief of mission (COM) from the French "chef de mission diplomatique" (CMD) is the head of a diplomatic representation, such as an ambassador, high commissioner, nuncio, chargé d'affaires, permanent representative, and to a consul-general or consul. Depending on the context, it may also refer to the heads of certain international organizations' representative offices. Certain other titles or usages that would qualify as a head of mission or equivalent also exist. While they are primarily referred to by the other titles mentioned above, it is common for the diplomatic corps of several countries to use deputy head of mission or deputy chief of mission (DCM) as the primary title for the second in command of a diplomatic mission.

Title: United States Mission to the European Union

The United States Mission to the European Union (USEU) is the diplomatic mission of the United States to the European Union; it is based in Brussels, Belgium. The US has maintained diplomatic relations with the EU and its predecessors since 1953. The first predecessor of the current mission was the US diplomatic mission to the European Coal and Steel Community in Luxembourg, which opened in 1956. In 1961, the US Mission to the European Communities was established in Brussels, which later became the United States Mission to the European Union, upon the latter's establishment in 1993.

Title: Indigenous peoples of Florida

The Indigenous peoples of Florida lived in what is now known as Florida for more than 12,000 years before the time of first contact with Europeans. However, the indigenous Floridians had largely died out by the early 18th century. Some Apalachees migrated to Louisiana, where their descendants now live, some were taken to Cuba and Mexico by the Spanish in the 18th century, and a few may have been absorbed into the Seminole and Miccosukee tribes.

Title: Edmund Leach

Sir Edmund Ronald Leach (7 November 1910 – 6 January 1989) was a British social anthropologist.

Title: Thomas Hylland Eriksen

Thomas Hylland Eriksen (born February 6, 1962) is a Norwegian anthropologist. He is currently a professor of social anthropology at the University of Oslo, as well as the 2015-2016 president of the European Association of Social Anthropologists. He is a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.

Title: Social Anthropology (journal)

Social Anthropology/Anthropologie Sociale is a quarterly academic journal published since 2007 by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the European Association of Social Anthropologists. It was established in 1992 and originally published by Cambridge University Press. The current editors-in-chief are Sarah Green and Patrick Laviolette. Articles are published in English or French.

Title: Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems

Network Analysis and Ethnographic Problems: Process Models of a Turkish Nomad Clan is an anthropological and complexity science book by social anthropologists Douglas R. White, University of California, Irvine, and Ulla Johansen of the University of Cologne. It is considered an important publication in anthropology and the political science of Central Asia.

Title: Aleksandar Bošković

Aleksandar Bošković is a social anthropologist from former Yugoslavia, who published twelve books and several hundred articles and book reviews on history and theory of anthropology, from a transactionalist and comparative perspective. He is Professor in the Department of Ethnology and Anthropology (University of Belgrade Faculty of Philosophy), and Professor of Anthropology at the University of Donja Gorica in Montenegro. Since 2 February 2017, Bošković also heads the Department of Anthropological Research (within the Center for Sociological and Anthropological Studies) at the Institute of Social Sciences in Belgrade, where he is Director of Research, and former (19 May 2009- 1 February 2017) Head of the Center for Political Studies and Public Opinion Research. Aleksandar Bošković previously taught at the Universities of St Andrews (1994), Belgrade (then Yugoslavia, 1998), Brasília (Brazil, 1999-2001), University of the Witwatersrand (Johannesburg, South Africa, 2001-2003), and Rhodes University (Grahamstown, South Africa, 2003-2006). Between 2000 and 2014, Aleksandar Bošković was teaching in the Post-graduate Program in Anthropology of the Faculty of Social Sciences (FDV), University of Ljubljana (Slovenia). Just before the 2016 conference of the European Association of Social Anthropologists, held at the University of Milano-Bicocca, he was selected as the EASA Book Series Editor. Together with Han Vermeulen, he is co-convenor of the recently established History of Anthropology Network of the EASA.

Title: Participant observation

Participant observation is one type of data collection method typically used in qualitative research. It is a widely used methodology in many disciplines, particularly cultural anthropology and (European) ethnology, less so in sociology, communication studies, human geography and social psychology. Its aim is to gain a close and intimate familiarity with a given group of individuals (such as a religious, occupational, sub cultural group, or a particular community) and their practices through an intensive involvement with people in their cultural environment, usually over an extended period of time. The method originated in the field research of social anthropologists, especially Bronisław Malinowski and his students in Britain, the students of Franz Boas in the United States, and in the later urban research of the Chicago School of sociology.

Title: Muted group theory

Muted group theory (MGT) is developed by social anthropologists Edwin Ardener and Shirley Ardener in 1975. The theory describes the relationship between a dominant group and its subordinate group(s): As the dominant group contributes mostly to the formulation of the language system, including the norms and vocabulary, members from the subordinate group have to learn and use the dominant-made language to express themselves. However, this translation process may result in loss and distortion of information as the people from subordinate groups cannot articulate their ideas clearly. The dominant may also ignore the voice of the lower-power. All these may eventually lead to the mutedness of the subordinate group. Although this theory is initially developed to study the different situations faced by women and men, it can also be applied to any marginalized group that is muted by the inadequacies of their languages.

Title: Association of Social Anthropologists

The Association of Social Anthropologists of the UK and Commonwealth, is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to promoting the academic discipline of psychosocial studies. It is a member of the Academy of Social Sciences.

Title: Alfred Gell

Alfred Antony Francis Gell, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; June 12, 1945 – January 28, 1997) was a British social anthropologist whose most influential work concerned art, language, symbolism and ritual. He was trained by Edmund Leach (MPhil, Cambridge University) and Raymond Firth (PhD, London School of Economics) and did his fieldwork in Melanesia and tribal India. Gell taught at the London School of Economics, among other places. He was also a Fellow of the British Academy. He died of cancer in 1997, at the age of 51.

Title: Coral Gardens and Their Magic

Coral Gardens and Their Magic, properly Coral Gardens and Their Magic: A Study of the Methods of Tilling the Soil and of Agricultural Rites in the Trobriand Islands, is the final book in anthropologist Bronisław Malinowski's ethnographic trilogy on the lives of the Trobriand Islanders. It concentrates on the cultivation practices the Trobriand Islanders used to grow yams, taro, bananas and palms. It describes the gardens in which the Trobrianders grew food as more than merely utilitarian spaces, even as works of art. In 1988 Alfred Gell called the book "still the best account of any primitive technological-cum-magical system, and unlikely ever to be superseded in this respect". The book has been described as Malinowski's "magnum opus".

Title: 2017 Birthday Honours

The 2017 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June. The Queen's Birthday Honours for the United Kingdom were announced on 16 June; the honours for New Zealand were announced on 5 June and for Australia on 12 June.

Title: 2014 Birthday Honours

The 2014 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June. The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 14 June 2014 in the United Kingdom, on 9 June 2014 in Australia, on 2 June 2014 in New Zealand, on 14 June 2014 in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.

Title: 2015 Birthday Honours

The 2015 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June. The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 1 June 2015 in New Zealand, on 8 June in Australia, and on 12 June in the United Kingdom, in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.

Title: 2016 Birthday Honours

The 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours are appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June. The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 6 June 2016 in New Zealand and 10 June in the United Kingdom.

Title: Birthday Honours

King's/Queen's Birthday Honours is, in some Commonwealth realms, the marking of the reigning monarch's official birthday by granting various individuals appointment into national or dynastic orders or the award of decorations and medals. The honours are presented by the monarch or a viceregal representative. New Year Honours and Birthday Honours are bestowed each year. All royal honours are published in the relevant gazette, and the daily newspapers of each realm.

Title: 1965 Birthday Honours

The Queen's Birthday Honours 1965 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The Queen. The announcement date varies from year to year. The 1965 Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 12 June for the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Sierra Leone, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Malawi, and the Gambia.

Title: George V

George V (George Frederick Ernest Albert; 3 June 1865 – 20 January 1936) was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 6 May 1910 until his death in 1936.

Title: 1951 Birthday Honours

The King's Birthday Honours 1951 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of King George VI to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of the King, and were published on 1 June 1951 for the British Empire, Australia, New Zealand, Ceylon, and Pakistan. These were the last Birthday Honours awarded by George VI, who died eight months later.

Title: 2013 Birthday Honours

The 2013 Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. The Birthday Honours are awarded as part of the Queen's Official Birthday celebrations during the month of June. The Queen's Birthday Honours were announced on 15 June 2013 in the United Kingdom, on 10 June 2013 in Australia on 3 June 2013 in New Zealand, on 15 June 2013 in Grenada, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands, Tuvalu, Saint Lucia and Belize.

Title: 1925 Birthday Honours

The 1925 Birthday Honours were appointments by King George V to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of the British Empire. The appointments were made to celebrate the official birthday of The King, and were published in "The London Gazette" on 3 June 1925.

Title: Steven D. Smith

Steven "Steve" Smith (born June 23, 1964) is a New Hampshire politician and a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives representing Sullivan County District 11, which includes the towns of Acworth, Charlestown, Goshen, Langdon, Lempster, and Washington. He is a software tester by profession, and also runs a slot car business and racing facility.

Title: Miner Memorial Library

Miner Memorial Library is the public library of Lempster, New Hampshire, located at 3 Second New Hampshire Turnpike. The library occupies a single-story wood frame structure built in 1845 as a church for a Universalist congregation. Despite significant alteration for its use as a library, the building remains a fine example of vernacular church architecture in Sullivan County. The building was formally dedicated in 1927 to the memory of Lempster native Alonzo Ames Miner, a leading Universalist minister and president of Tufts College. After years of declining attendance, the remaining congregants gave the building to the town in 1965. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

Title: Sullivan County, New Hampshire

Sullivan County is a county located in the U.S. state of New Hampshire. As of the 2010 census, the population was 43,742, making it the second-least populous county in New Hampshire. Its county seat is Newport.

Title: Dover, New Hampshire

Dover is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 29,987 at the 2010 census, the largest in the New Hampshire Seacoast region. The population was estimated at 31,153 in 2016. It is the county seat of Strafford County, and home to Wentworth-Douglass Hospital, the Woodman Institute Museum, and the Children's Museum of New Hampshire.

Title: Woodsville, New Hampshire

Woodsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in the town of Haverhill in Grafton County, New Hampshire, U.S., along the Connecticut River at the mouth of the Ammonoosuc River. The population was 1,126 at the 2010 census. Although North Haverhill is now the county seat of Grafton County, the village of Woodsville has traditionally been considered the county seat, as the county courthouse was originally located there. The county buildings are now located halfway between Woodsville and the village of North Haverhill to the south.

Title: Hampden County, Massachusetts

Hampden County is a non-governmental county located in the Pioneer Valley of the state of Massachusetts, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, Hampden County's population was 463,490. Its traditional county seat is Springfield, the Connecticut River Valley's largest city, and economic and cultural capital. Hampden County was split from Hampshire County in 1812, because Northampton, Massachusetts, was made Hampshire County's "shire town" in 1794; however, Springfield—theretofore Hampshire County's traditional shire town, dating back to its founding in 1636—grew at a pace far quicker than Northampton and was granted shire town-status over its own, southerly jurisdiction. It was named for John Hampden. To the north of Hampden County is modern-day Hampshire County; to the west is Berkshire County; to the east is Worcester County; to the south are Litchfield County, Hartford County, and Tolland County in Connecticut.

Title: Carroll County, New Hampshire

Carroll County is a county located in the state of New Hampshire, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 47,818, making it the third-least populous county in New Hampshire. Its county seat is Ossipee. The county was created in 1840 and organized at Ossipee from towns removed from Strafford County. It was named in honor of Charles Carroll of Carrollton, who had died in 1832, the last surviving signer of the United States Declaration of Independence.

Title: East Lempster, New Hampshire

East Lempster is an unincorporated community in the town of Lempster in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Title: Gardnerville Branch Jail

The Gardnerville Branch Jail is a historic jail located at 1440 Courthouse St. in Gardnerville, Nevada. The jail was built in 1910 and served as Douglas County's only jail from 1910 to 1915. Prior to 1910, the only county jail was in Genoa, the county seat; however, since Gardnerville was several miles from Genoa, it resorted to housing prisoners in the local judge's granary. As the granary was considered unfit for holding prisoners, the community petitioned the county to construct a new jail. However, local leaders in Minden, who wanted to move the county seat to their town, protested the move, as they suspected that Gardnerville was attempting to claim the county seat itself. Nonetheless, the county approved the construction of the new jail. The jail housed its first prisoners before construction even finished, as the Genoa jail burned down; one prisoner was briefly chained to a post until the new jail could accommodate him. Once completed, the jail served the county until 1915, when Minden became the county seat and opened its own county jail.

Title: Lempster, New Hampshire

Lempster is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 1,154 at the 2010 census. Settlements include the town center (Lempster village) and the village of East Lempster.

Title: Ride Out (album)

Ride Out is the seventeenth studio album by American rock singer–songwriter Bob Seger. The album was released on October 14, 2014. Although Seger had previously stated that this may be his final album, a followup album entitled "I Knew You When" will be released on November 17, 2017.

Title: 10 Hronia Mazi

10 H.M. (Short for 10 Hronia Mazi, Greek: "10 Χρόνια Μαζί"; English: "10 Years Together") is an album released by Greek singer Despina Vandi starting on December 6, 2007. It is her 12th album from the beginning of her career, and her 10th album with Phoebus. It is also her first studio album of new material since her 2004 release of "Stin Avli Tou Paradisou". The album is dedicated to the 10-year collaboration with Phoebus and features a track of the same name. The album is a triple CD, with the first CD containing pop/rock songs, the second CD containing Modern Laika songs and third CD containing new remixes of older songs. The album is completely written and produced by Phoebus and released by Heaven Music. The main sponsor is WIND Hellas.

Title: Bob Seger

Robert Clark Seger ( , born May 6, 1945) is an American singer-songwriter, guitarist and pianist. As a locally successful Detroit-area artist, he performed and recorded as Bob Seger and the Last Heard and Bob Seger System throughout the 1960s. By the early 1970s, he had dropped the 'System' from his recordings and continued to strive for broader success with various other bands. In 1973, he put together the Silver Bullet Band, with a group of Detroit-area musicians, with whom he became most successful on the national level with the album "Live Bullet" (1976), recorded live with the Silver Bullet Band in 1975 at Cobo Hall in Detroit, Michigan. In 1976, he achieved a national breakout with the studio album "Night Moves". On his studio albums, he also worked extensively with the Alabama-based Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section, which appeared on several of Seger's best-selling singles and albums.

Title: Against the Wind (album)

Against the Wind is the eleventh album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his fourth with the Silver Bullet Band. It was released in February 1980. It is Seger's only number-one album to date, spending six weeks at the top of the "Billboard" Top LPs chart, knocking Pink Floyd's "The Wall" from the top spot.

Title: Gary Cherone

Gary Francis Caine Cherone ( ; born July 26, 1961) is an American rock singer and songwriter. He is best known for his work as the lead vocalist of the Boston rock group Extreme, as well as his short stint as the lead vocalist for Van Halen on their 11th album "Van Halen III" and subsequent tour. In recent years he has released solo recordings. In 2007, he reunited with Extreme.

Title: Mark Britten

Mark Britten is an American comedian from Arlington, Texas, whose chosen stage name is "The Chinaman". Born of a Chinese-American mother and a Caucasian father, his act employs material from his "dysfunctional background" and skews ethnic stereotypes of all kinds. He has been a performing stand-up comic for ten years, and is known for his voice impersonations, parodies of rock singers and other vocalists and biting anecdotes about the foibles of ethnic and cultural stereotypes. " The Austin Chronicle" describes him as "a rock star trapped in a comic’s body." He is a member of the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.

Title: Freudiana

Freudiana was to be the 11th album by The Alan Parsons Project, but during its development, Eric Woolfson had creative differences with Alan Parsons, and decided to turn the album into a rock opera. It was released as simply "Freudiana," and is known as the "unofficial" Alan Parsons Project album, and considered by APP fans to really be their 11th album. Alan Parsons later continued as a solo artist with his 1993 album "Try Anything Once", which was musically in a direction more or less continued from that of 1987's "Gaudi".

Title: Anggun discography

The discography of Anggun consists of ten studio albums, two soundtrack albums, three greatest hits albums, seven single compilations, thirty-eight singles and twenty music videos. Anggun began performing at the age of seven and recorded a children's album two years later. Her debut studio album, "Dunia Aku Punya", was released in 1986 under Billboard Indonesia, but did not achieve commercial success. Anggun's popularity was later established after the success of the single "Mimpi", which was listed as one of the 150 Greatest Indonesian Songs of All Time. With the release of subsequent singles and three more studio albums— "Anak Putih Abu Abu", "Nocturno" and "Anggun C. Sasmi... Lah!!! "—Anggun became one of the most successful Indonesian rock singers in the early 1990s. In 1993, she became the youngest Indonesian singer to found her own record company, Bali Cipta Records. By the age of nineteen, Anggun had sold over four million albums in Indonesia.

Title: Stranger in Town (album)

Stranger in Town is the tenth studio album by American rock singer Bob Seger and his second with the Silver Bullet Band, released by Capitol Records in May 1978 (see 1978 in music). Like its predecessor, the Silver Bullet Band backed Seger on about half of the songs and the Muscle Shoals Rhythm Section backed Seger on the other half.

Title: Heaven Knows (Robert Plant song)

"Heaven Knows" is a rock song performed by English rock singer Robert Plant. It was the first single to be released from his 1988 album "Now and Zen". It reached number 33 on the UK singles chart and number 1 on the "Billboard" Album Rock Tracks chart. It was Plant's third number-one rock song, following 1983's "Other Arms" and 1985's "Little by Little."

Title: 2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade

The 2010 Kiev Victory Day Parade was held on May 9, 2010 in Kiev, honoring the 65th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory in the Great Patriotic War. Inspecting the parade was the Chief of General Staff of the Armed Forces General of the Army Ivan Svyda. The commander of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, Colonel General Gennady Vorobyov, Commanded the Parade. The President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych delivered a jubilee address. 2,500 members of the Ukrainian Armed Forces troops from Russia and Belarus took part in the parade. 17 military orchestras took part in the parade under the command of the Chief of the Military Music Department of the General Staff of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, Major General Volodymyr Derkach.

Title: Rostker v. Goldberg

Rostker v. Goldberg, 453 U.S. 57 (1981) , was a decision of the United States Supreme Court holding that the practice of requiring only men to register for the draft was constitutional. After extensive hearings, floor debate and committee sessions on the matter, the United States Congress enacted the law, as it had previously been, to apply to men only. Several attorneys, including Robert L. Goldberg, subsequently challenged the gender distinction as unconstitutional. (The named defendant is Bernard D. Rostker, Director of the Selective Service System.) In a 6-3 decision, the Supreme Court held that this gender distinction was not a violation of the equal protection component of the due process clause, and that the Act would stand as passed.

Title: One Rank, One Pension

One Rank One Pension (OROP), or "same pension, for same rank, for same length of service, irrespective of the date of retirement", is a longstanding demand of the Indian armed forces and veterans. The demand for pay-pension equity, which underlies the OROP concept, was provoked by the exparte decision by the Indira Gandhi-led Indian National Congress (INC) government, in 1973, two years after the historic victory in the 1971 Bangladesh war, and shortly after Field Marshal SHFJ Manekshaw retired, to decrease armed forces pensions by 20–40 percent, and increase civilian pensions by 20 percent, without consultation with armed forces headquarters. <ref name="V Mahalingam, 21/9"> </ref>

Title: Chief of the Defence Staff (Canada)

The Chief of the Defence Staff (CDS; French: "chef d'état-major de la Défense" ) is the second most senior member of the Canadian Armed Forces (after the commander-in-chief) and heads the Armed Forces Council, having primary responsibility for command, control, and administration of the forces, as well as military strategy, plans, and requirements. The position is held by a senior member of one of the three main branches of the Canadian Armed Forces. The current CDS, since 17 July 2015, is Jonathan Vance.

Title: September 16 military parade

The 16 September military parade in honour of the anniversary of Mexican Independence is an annual tradition dating back to the late 19th century and the beginning of the professionalisation of the Mexican Armed Forces in the 20th century. Held yearly in the Zócalo in Mexico City, this parade, the largest of the various parades held simultaneously nationwide on September 16, Mexican Independence Day, is presided by the President of Mexico in the fulfillment of his duty as the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces. It is also attended by members of the Cabinet of Mexico, the Congress of the Union, civil service employees, the Secretaries of National Defense and Navy, members of the Mexican Armed Forces and Federal Police, uniformed service veterans, the state diplomatic corps, delegations representing the religious sector, indigenous peoples, sports and the private sector, and the general public. Seen on TV and the Internet and heard on radio, this is one of the biggest events of the year. Taking part in this are members of the Mexican Armed Forces and the Federal Police.

Title: Fernando Tapias Stahelin

Fernando Tapias Stahelin (born July 14, 1943 - † September 27, 2015) was a General (retired) of Colombian Armed Forces. He served as Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of Colombian Armed Forces for a period of four years (1998–2002) during the presidential term of president Andres Pastrana. After that, he served as ambassador of Colombia in Dominican Republic from 2002 to 2004 and subsequently served as Deputy Minister of Defense for its social and business group for two years from 2009 to 2010 during the presidential term of president Alvaro Uribe. He was in the Colombian Armed Forces for 41 years, achieving all the military ranks all the way up to his appointment as General Commander for the Colombian Armed Forces.

Title: Conscription in the United States

Conscription in the United States, commonly known as the draft, has been employed by the federal government of the United States in four conflicts: the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and the Cold War (including both the Korean and Vietnam Wars). The third incarnation of the draft came into being in 1940 through the Selective Training and Service Act. It was the country's first peacetime draft. From 1940 until 1973, during both peacetime and periods of conflict, men were drafted to fill vacancies in the United States Armed Forces that could not be filled through voluntary means. The draft was ended when the United States Armed Forces moved to an all-volunteer military force. However, the Selective Service System remains in place as a contingency plan; all male civilians between the ages of 18 and 25 are required to register so that a draft can be readily resumed if needed.

Title: Armed Forces Covenant

The Military Covenant or Armed Forces Covenant is a term introduced in 2000 into British public life to refer to the mutual obligations between the nation and its Armed Forces. According to "The Guardian", "it is an informal understanding, rather than a legally enforceable deal, but it is nevertheless treated with great seriousness within the services". It was coined in , and has now entered political discourse as a way of measuring whether the government and society at large have kept to their obligations to support members of the armed forces.

Title: Armed Forces Day (Poland)

Armed Forces Day, known also as the Feast of the Polish Armed Forces (Polish: "Święto Wojska Polskiego" ), is a national holiday celebrated annually on 15 August in Poland, commemorating the anniversary of the 1920 victory over Soviet Russia at the Battle of Warsaw during the Polish–Soviet War. Armed Forces Day is held in conjunction with the Day of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary, itself a separate public holiday. The event is marked by military parades, equipment reviews, showcases and remembrances by all branches of the Polish Armed Forces across the country. One of the most prominent events of the day is in the capital Warsaw, which hosts a large military parade through the city's center. Originally celebrated during the Second Republic, the holiday was barred by authorities during the communist era beginning in 1947, only to be revived again in 1992.

Title: Franklin D. Roosevelt's record on civil rights

In June 1941, Roosevelt issued Executive Order 8802, which created the Fair Employment Practice Committee (FEPC). It was the most important federal move in support of the rights of African-Americans between Reconstruction and the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The President's order stated that the federal government would not hire any person based on their race, color, creed, or national origin. The FEPC enforced the order to ban discriminatory hiring within the federal government and in corporations that received federal contracts. Millions of blacks and women achieved better jobs and better pay as a result. The war brought the race issue to the forefront. The Army and Navy had been segregated since the Civil War. But by 1940, the African-American vote had largely shifted from Republican to Democrat, and African-American leaders like Walter Francis White of the NAACP and T. Arnold Hill of the Urban League had become recognized as part of the Roosevelt coalition. In June 1941, at the urging of A. Philip Randolph, the leading African-American trade unionist, Roosevelt signed an executive order establishing the Fair Employment Practice Committee and prohibiting discrimination by any government agency, including the armed forces. In practice the services, particularly the Navy and the Marines, found ways to evade this order — the Marine Corps remained all-white until 1942. In September 1942, at Eleanor's instigation, Roosevelt met with a delegation of African-American leaders, who demanded full integration into the forces, including the right to serve in combat roles and in the Navy, the Marine Corps and the United States Army Air Forces. Roosevelt agreed, but then did nothing to implement his promise. It was left to his successor, Harry S. Truman, to fully desegregate the armed forces.

Title: Canyon Creek Food Company

Canyon Creek Food Company () is a food processing company based in Edmonton, Alberta that provides fresh soups and other prepared food products geared towards health conscious consumers. The company provides its fresh food product line to grocery retailers and a broad range of food service establishments such as restaurants and institutions throughout Canada.

Title: Robert's American Gourmet Food

Robert's American Gourmet Food was and is a snack food company located in the United States. Founded by businessman Robert Ehrlich in 1986, the company was best known for its snack food, Pirate's Booty, which is found in over 90% of United States supermarkets. Robert's American Gourmet targeted health-conscious shoppers with a range of snack foods.

Title: Rewrapped

Rewrapped is a reality cooking television show hosted by Joey Fatone that premiered on April 21, 2014, on Food Network. Similar to short-form cooking reality shows, it features three chefs challenged to first recreate a classic snack food, then innovate a totally new dish using said snack food as the main ingredient. The show is a loose spinoff of the show "Unwrapped", whose host Marc Summers acts as "Head Judge" for each episode, alongside a representative of the company that produces the food of the day, and a third impartial judge involved in the food industry in some way (chef, critic, blogger, etc.).

Title: PepsiCo

PepsiCo, Inc. is an American multinational food, snack, and beverage corporation headquartered in Purchase, New York. PepsiCo has interests in the manufacturing, marketing, and distribution of grain-based snack foods, beverages, and other products. PepsiCo was formed in 1965 with the merger of the Pepsi-Cola Company and Frito-Lay, Inc. PepsiCo has since expanded from its namesake product Pepsi to a broader range of food and beverage brands, the largest of which included an acquisition of Tropicana Products in 1998 and the Quaker Oats Company in 2001, which added the Gatorade brand to its portfolio.

Title: Snackbox Food Holdings

Snackbox Food Holdings Co, Ltd (Korean: 스낵박스푸드홀딩스 ) is a Korean lunch snack food company. Its headquarters is in Mokdong-Ri Gyoha-Eup Paju Gyeonggi-do, Korea, and was established in 2004. It offers a number of snack food services to home party foods. The company offers a range of products including fruit lunch packs, salad, yogurt and sandwiches. Snack Box has about 25 employees as of January, 2006.

Title: Snack Foods Limited

Snack Foods Limited is an Australian snack food company and was officially formed on 25 November 1999, and was owned by Arnott's Biscuits Holdings Pty Ltd. , a subsidiary of the American Campbell Soup Company. Snack Foods Limited owns one of Australia's largest salted snack food companies, Snack Brands Australia. In April 2008, Campbell Arnott's sold Arnott’s Snackfoods to The Real McCoy Snackfood Co and the company is now known as Snack Brands Australia.

Title: Deep-fried peanuts

Deep Fried Peanuts are a snack food created by deep frying peanuts in an oil. The resulting product is a snack food that can be eaten in its entirety, both shell and nut. The deep-frying process does not change the flavor or texture of the nutmeats, but changes the texture and flavor of the shells -- especially if seasonings are used -- to make them more palatable.

Title: Twisties

Twisties are a type of cheese curl, corn-based snack food product, available mainly in Australia, and other Oceanian countries such as Papua New Guinea, New Caledonia, Vanuatu and Fiji, the Southeast Asian countries Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Brunei, and the island of Mauritius in the Indian Ocean. It was launched in 1950 by the General Foods Corporation. The brand name is owned by The Smith's Snackfood Company. While originally an Australian-owned company, Smith's was acquired in August 1998 by Frito-Lay, the second largest producer of snack foods in Australia, which in turn is owned by American multi-national PepsiCo. In Malaysia, Twisties is a product of Mondelēz International, after having been a part of Danone and later, Kraft Foods previously. In Thailand, the Twisties trademark is owned by Lay's, which like The Smith's Snackfood Company, is owned by PepsiCo. In New Zealand, Malta and Italy, Twisties are marketed under different names.

Title: Handi-Snacks

Handi-Snacks are a snack food product line sold by Mondelez International. The common two-compartment Handi-Snack has a small spread compartment and a larger compartment for crackers; a red plastic spreader is included with crackers.

Title: Mondelez International

Mondelez International, Inc., styled Mondelēz ( ), is an American multinational confectionery, food, and beverage company based in Illinois which employs about 107,000 people around the world. It consists of the global snack and food brands of the former Kraft Foods Inc after the October 2012 spin-off of its North American grocery operations. The Mondelez name, adopted in 2012, was suggested by Kraft Foods employees and is derived from the words "mundus" (Latin for “world”) and "delez" (a proxy for the word "delicious").

Title: Sheila Cavanagh

Sheila Cavanagh is an associate professor of sociology and former chair of the Sexuality Studies Program at York University. Cavanagh is currently chair of the Canadian Sexuality Studies Association and co-editor (along with Malena Gustavson) of the "Somatechnics" journal. Her research is in the area of gender and sexuality with a concentration on queer, cultural, and psychoanalytic theories. Cavanagh is editing a special issue on transgender and psychoanalysis in "Transgender Studies Quarterly" and completing her third book monograph titled "Transgender and the Other Sexual Difference: Bracha L. Ettinger and Jacques Lacan". She co-edited a collection with Angela Failler and Rachel A. J. Hurst titled "Skin, Culture and Psychoanalysis" (2013) published by Palgrave Macmillan. Her first sole-authored book titled "Sexing the Teacher: School Sex Scandals and Queer Pedagogies" (2007) was given honorable mention by the Canadian Women’s Studies Association. Her second sole-authored book titled "Queering Bathrooms: Gender, Sexuality, and the Hygienic Imagination" (2010) is a GLBT Indie Book Award finalist and recipient of the CWSA/ACEF Outstanding Scholarship Prize Honourable Mention (2012). Her performed ethnography titled Queer Bathroom Monologues (QBM) premiered at the Toronto Fringe Festival (2011) and was given the Audience Pick Award. The play was professionally staged at Buddies in Bad Times Theatre, Toronto, in June 2014 for WorldPride and has toured at conferences, colleges and universities in Canada and the United States. She has published in a wide range of international journals and given keynotes addresses at conferences in Sweden, Turkey and Canada. Cavanagh teaches an undergraduate course titled Sociology of Gender and a range of graduate courses in sexuality studies, feminist theory and queer theory. She is also interviewed in Rohan Spong's documentaries "T is for Teacher" (2009) and "Queer Science" (2008).

Title: Gregory B. Craig

Gregory Bestor "Greg" Craig (born March 4, 1945) is an American lawyer and former White House Counsel under President Barack Obama from 2009 to 2010. A former attorney at the Washington, D.C. law firm of Williams & Connolly, Craig has represented numerous high-profile clients. Prior to becoming White House Counsel, Craig served as assistant to the President and special counsel in the White House of President Bill Clinton, where he directed the team defending Clinton against impeachment. Craig also served as a senior advisor to Senator Edward Kennedy and Secretary of State Madeleine Albright.

Title: The White House Doctor

The White House Doctor: My Patients Were Presidents – A Memoir is a book authored by Connie Mariano, the first military woman in the history of the United States to be appointed as Physician to the President, the first female director of the medical unit of the White House, and the first Filipino-American to become a rear admiral in the US Navy. With a foreword from Bill Clinton, the autobiographical book takes a look at the personal lives of three American Presidents (George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, and George W. Bush) and three American First Ladies (Barbara Bush, Hillary Clinton, and Laura Bush) she had taken care of while working as a White House physician. It was described as a "fascinating look into what goes on behind closed doors at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue".

Title: Once Upon a Secret

Once Upon a Secret: My Affair with President John F. Kennedy and Its Aftermath is a book by the former White House intern Mimi Alford in February 2012. It contains the autobiographical account of the woman who had an affair with U.S. President John F. Kennedy towards the end of his life (from June 1962 to July 1963). Despite its consuming influence over her life at the time, Alford managed to keep her involvement in the affair secret for nearly 50 years, until basic details were published in the 2003 Kennedy biography "" by Robert Dallek.

Title: Their Lives

Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine is a book by Candice E. Jackson. Published by conservative publisher World Ahead Publishing on May 31, 2005, it recounts the stories of seven women who crossed paths with Bill Clinton: Monica Lewinsky, Paula Jones, Gennifer Flowers, Kathleen Willey, Elizabeth Gracen, Juanita Broaddrick, and Sally Perdue.

Title: Eric Schultz

Eric Schultz is a senior advisor to former President Barack Obama and is the founder of Schultz Group. Schultz is a former White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary and special assistant to President Obama. Recognized by "Politico" as the strategist “White House officials turn to in a crisis to handle communications,” Schultz was originally hired at the White House in 2011 to respond to Congressional oversight investigations. After White House Deputy Press Secretary Josh Earnest replaced Jay Carney to become White House Press Secretary, Schultz was appointed White House Deputy Press Secretary. In this role, Schultz often diffuses "tensions with humor. But he can be relentless in pushing his message in both public and private conversations.” Former White House Communications Director Jen Psaki compared Schultz to fictional crisis manager Olivia Pope, "he's the person you want next to you in a foxhole when there's a crisis." At the end of President Obama's second term, former White House Senior Advisor Valerie Jarrett said of Schultz, “We’ve all grown to rely on his wise counsel" and that the President "trusts his sound judgement."

Title: William H. Ginsburg

William H. Ginsburg (March 25, 1943 – April 1, 2013) was an American lawyer, best known for representing former White House intern Monica Lewinsky in her controversy regarding sexual activities with President Bill Clinton in 1998.

Title: Mark D. Fabiani

Mark D. Fabiani (born 1957) is an American political strategist, crisis management expert, former Deputy Mayor of Los Angeles and chief of staff to Mayor Tom Bradley, and former White House lawyer and spokesman. He is recognized for his work as special counsel to President Bill Clinton and legal spokesperson for the Clinton White House from 1994 through 1996, as well as for his work as head of communications for the Gore presidential campaign in 2000. He also served in senior positions at the Department of Housing and Urban Development and at the Department of Justice.

Title: Monica Lewinsky

Monica Samille Lewinsky (born July 23, 1973) is an American activist, television personality, fashion designer, and former White House intern.

Title: Lewinsky scandal

The Lewinsky scandal was an American political sex scandal that involved 49-year-old President Bill Clinton and 22-year-old White House intern Monica Lewinsky. The sexual relationship took place between 1995 and 1996 and came to light in 1998. Clinton ended a televised speech with the statement that he did not have sexual relations with Lewinsky. Further investigation led to charges of perjury and to the impeachment of President Clinton in 1998 by the U.S. House of Representatives. He was subsequently acquitted on all impeachment charges of perjury and obstruction of justice in a 21-day Senate trial. Clinton was held in civil contempt of court by Judge Susan Webber Wright for giving misleading testimony in the Paula Jones case regarding Lewinsky and was also fined $90,000 by Wright. His license to practice law was suspended in Arkansas for five years; shortly thereafter, he was disbarred from presenting cases in front of the United States Supreme Court.

Title: Paul Manafort

Paul John Manafort Jr. (born April 1, 1949) is an American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant. He joined Donald Trump's presidential campaign team in March 2016 and served as campaign manager from June to August 2016. He was previously an adviser to the U.S. presidential campaigns of Republicans Gerald Ford, Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and Bob Dole. In 1980 Manafort co-founded the Washington, D.C.-based lobbying firm Black, Manafort & Stone, along with principals Charles R. Black Jr., and Roger J. Stone. In 1984 it was renamed Black, Manafort, Stone and Kelly (BMSK) & associates, after Peter G. Kelly was recruited.

Title: Donald Trump (Last Week Tonight)

"Donald Trump" is a segment of the HBO news satire television series "Last Week Tonight with John Oliver" devoted to Donald Trump, who later became the President of the United States. It first aired on February 28, 2016, as part of the third episode of "Last Week Tonight"'s third season, when Trump was the frontrunner for the Republican Party nomination for the presidency. During the 22-minute segment, comedian John Oliver discusses Trump's 2016 presidential campaign and his career in business, outlining his campaign rhetoric, varying political positions and failed business ventures. He also says the Trump family name was changed at one point from the ancestral name "Drumpf".

Title: Brad Parscale

Brad Parscale (born January 3, 1976) is an American digital media and political strategist. He served as the digital media director for Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign. Parscale began working for the Trump Organization in 2011, developing and designing websites, and creating and managing digital media strategies. In early 2015, Trump hired Parscale and his firm, Giles-Parscale, to create a website for his exploratory campaign. When Trump declared himself a Republican candidate in 2015, one of the first people he called was Parscale, asking him to update his exploratory campaign site into a "full-fledged presidential campaign website." Throughout the Republican primary, Parscale was responsible for the Donald J. Trump for President website, as well as for digital media strategy and online fundraising campaigns. In June 2016, Parscale was officially named digital media director for the Donald J. Trump for President campaign, overseeing all aspects of digital media and online fundraising, as well as traditional media strategy, like radio and television placements. In January 2017, Parscale, along with another senior Trump aide, Nick Ayers, formally launched America First Policies, a non-profit organization that promotes President Trump's agenda and White House initiatives.

Title: Donald Trump in music

Donald Trump in music refers to songs, albums and bands that refer to Donald Trump and his various brands, including Trump Tower, his TV show, his hotel chain, and his casinos. Though recent songs refer to Trump's campaign and subsequent election as president of the United States, more than 200 songs refer to Trump prior to his successful presidential campaign between 1989 and 2013. With his victory in the 2016 presidential election, Trump's prominence in hip-hop music has been liked to that of Ronald Reagan's in hardcore punk during the 1980s.

Title: Trump campaign–Russian meeting

On June 9, 2016, a meeting was held in Trump Tower in New York City between three senior members of the presidential campaign of Donald TrumpDonald Trump Jr., Jared Kushner, and Paul Manafortand at least five other people, including Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. The meeting was arranged by publicist and long-time Trump acquantiance, Rob Goldstone on behalf of his client, singer-songwriter Emin Agalarov. It was disclosed to U.S. government officials when Kushner filed a revised version of his security clearance form.

Title: Protests against Donald Trump

Protests against Donald Trump, or anti-Trump protests, have occurred both in the United States and elsewhere since Donald Trump's entry into the 2016 presidential campaign. Protests have expressed opposition to Trump's campaign rhetoric, his electoral win, his inauguration and various presidential actions. Some protests have taken the form of walk-outs, business closures, petitions and, especially since Trump's inauguration, rallies, demonstrations or marches. While most protests have been peaceful, some protesters have destroyed property, and attacked Trump supporters.

Title: Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2000

Donald Trump's presidential campaign of 2000 for the nomination of the Reform Party began when real estate magnate Donald Trump of New York announced the creation of a presidential exploratory committee on the October 7, 1999 edition of "Larry King Live". Though Trump had never held elected office, he was well known for his frequent comments on public affairs and business exploits as head of The Trump Organization. He had previously considered a presidential run in 1988 as a Republican, but chose not to run. For 2000, Minnesota Governor Jesse Ventura persuaded Trump to seek the presidential nomination of the Reform Party, which was fracturing despite achieving ballot access and qualifying for matching funds as a result of the 1996 presidential campaign of businessman Ross Perot. Trump's entrance into the Reform Party race coincided with that of paleoconservative commentator Pat Buchanan, whom Trump attacked throughout the campaign as a "Hitler-lover."

Title: Tony Fabrizio

Anthony Fabrizio (born 1960) is an American Republican pollster and strategist. He is the principal in Fabrizio, Lee & Associates, and was the pollster for Donald Trump's fall 2016 Presidential campaign, former Senator Bob Dole's 1996 Presidential campaign, U.S. Senator Rand Paul's U.S. Senate and 2016 Presidential campaign, and former Governor Rick Perry's 2012 Presidential campaign, among others. He also served as a pollster for the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in the 2014 midterm elections.

Title: David Urban

David Urban (born c. 1964) is an American lobbyist, political operative, and political commentator who worked on the 2016 Donald Trump presidential campaign, helping to orchestrate the 2016 Republican National Convention and serving as a senior advisor in the successful effort to win Pennsylvania. In November 2016, it was reported that Urban was being considered as the next chair of the Republican National Committee, as well as the White House Deputy Chief of Staff, and in May 2017, it was reported that Trump was considering Urban to replace Reince Priebus as White House Chief of Staff.

Title: Immigration policy of Donald Trump

Illegal immigration was a signature issue of U.S. President Donald Trump's presidential campaign, and his proposed reforms and remarks about this issue generated much publicity. A hallmark promise of his campaign was to build a substantial wall on the United States-Mexico border. Trump has also expressed support for a variety of "limits on legal immigration and guest-worker visas", including a "pause" on granting green cards, which Trump says will "allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages". Trump's proposals regarding H-1B visas frequently changed throughout his presidential campaign, but as of late July 2016, he appeared to oppose the H-1B visa program. Trump has questioned official estimates of the number of illegal immigrants in the United States (between 11 and 12 million), insisting the number is much higher (between 30 and 34 million).

Title: The Golden Hour (novel)

The Golden Hour is a children's novel by Maiya Williams. It was first published in 2004 and is the first of the Golden Hour time travel series. It tells the story of Rowan Popplewell and his sister, Nina, who, while emotionally disturbed by the death of their mother, travel back in time to the French Revolution.

Title: Crime and Punishment

Crime and Punishment (Russian: Преступлéние и наказáние , "Prestupleniye i nakazaniye"; ] ) is a novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It was first published in the literary journal "The Russian Messenger" in twelve monthly installments during 1866. Later, it was published in a single volume. It is the second of Dostoyevsky's full-length novels following his return from 5 years of exile in Siberia. "Crime and Punishment" is considered the first great novel of his "mature" period of writing.

Title: Quando Eu Era Vivo

Quando Eu Era Vivo (English: When I Was Alive ) is a 2014 Brazilian drama-thriller film directed by Marco Dutra, based on the novel "A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa" by Lourenço Mutarelli.

Title: Spirit of the Border

Spirit of the Border is an historical novel written by Zane Grey, first published in 1906. The novel is based on events occurring in the Ohio River Valley in the late eighteenth century. It features the exploits of Lewis Wetzel, a historical personage who had dedicated his life to the destruction of Native Americans and to the protection of nascent white settlements in that region. The story deals with the attempt by Moravian Church missionaries to Christianize Indians and how two brothers' lives take different paths upon their arrival on the border. A highly romanticized account, the novel is the second in a trilogy, the first of which is "Betty Zane", Grey's first published work, and "The Last Trail", which focuses on the life of Jonathan Zane, Grey's ancestor.

Title: Before We Say Goodbye

Before We Say Goodbye, first published as Prima di Lasciarsi, is a 2004 novel by Gabriella Ambrosio. The work is based on the 2002 Kiryat HaYovel supermarket bombing and narrates the final hours in the lives of the suicide bomber and her victims. It was first published in Italy in 2004 through Nutrimenti, and was later published in English on 2 August 2010 through Walker Books. The novel has been published in multiple languages, including Arabic and Hebrew, and has been endorsed by Amnesty International.

Title: 4 a.m. (novel)

4 a.m. is the debut novel of Scottish author Nina de la Mer. It was first published in the UK on 26 August 2011 by Brighton-based publishing house Myriad Editions. The novel draws on the author's personal experiences and research, covering rave culture of the 90s and peacetime life in the British Army.

Title: Three Comrades (novel)

Three Comrades (German: "Drei Kameraden" ) is a novel first published in 1936 by the German author Erich Maria Remarque. It is written in first person by the main character Robert Lohkamp, whose somewhat disillusioned outlook on life is due to his horrifying experiences in the trenches of the First World War's French-German front. He shares these experiences with Otto Köster and Gottfried Lenz, his two comrades with whom he runs an auto-repair shop in late 1920s Berlin (probably). Remarque wrote the novel in exile and it was first published in Dutch translation as "Drie kameraden", with English translation following soon in "Good Housekeeping" from January to March 1937 and in the book form in the same year. First German language edition was published in 1938 by exile publisher "Querido" in Amsterdam, but the novel was published in Germany only in 1951.

Title: Drained

Drained, (Portuguese: O Cheiro do Ralo_ is a 2006 Brazilian dark comedy film based on a novel by Lourenço Mutarelli. It was directed by Heitor Dhalia, and stars Selton Mello. The film was produced by Geração Conteúdo, Primo Filmes & RT Features.

Title: Lourenço Mutarelli

In addition to comic books, Mutarelli has also created plays, books, and all the illustration and animated sequences of the 2004 motion picture "Nina", which was based on the novel "Crime and Punishment" by Dostoyevsky.

Title: The Birds on the Trees

The Birds on the Trees is a novel by Nina Bawden first published in 1970 about a middle-class English family whose 19-year-old son does not live up to his parents' expectations.

Title: Hermigua

Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain. It is located 12 km northwest of the island's capital, San Sebastián de la Gomera. The Garajonay National Park covers the southern part of the municipality.

Title: Garajonay National Park

Garajonay National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional de Garajonay" , ] ) is located in the center and north of the island of La Gomera, one of the Canary Islands (Spain). It was declared a national park in 1981 and a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1986. It occupies 40 km (15 sq mi) and it extends into each of the six municipalities on the island.

Title: Teide National Park

Teide National Park (Spanish: "Parque nacional del Teide" , ] ) is a national park located in Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).

Title: Crater Lake National Park

Crater Lake National Park is a United States National Park located in southern Oregon. Established in 1902, Crater Lake National Park is the fifth-oldest national park in the U.S. and the only national park in Oregon. The park encompasses the caldera of Crater Lake, a remnant of a destroyed volcano, Mount Mazama, and the surrounding hills and forests.

Title: Glacier National Park Fund

The Glacier National Park Fund (established in 1999), is an organization whose main goal is to raise money to support the demands of the Glacier National Park, located in West Glacier, Montana. According to the National Park Service, the Glacier National Park Fund supports park projects, programs, and services in four areas: to preserve the park experience, to provide curriculum-based instruction, to research the park ecosystem, and to prepare for the 2010 Centennial year of the park. The Glacier National Park Fund provided funds for different studies. In July 2007, The Glacier National Park Fund funded a study involving human and bear aversion techniques. Also, in 2009, The Glacier National Park Fund granted $10,000 to enable biologists to learn more about the Bighorn Sheep that inhabit Glacier National Park, along the park's boundary with the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. The Glacier National Park Fund has an official mascot named Billy Bowman.

Title: Roque Cinchado

The Roque Cinchado is a rock formation, regarded as emblematic of the island of Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain). It lies within the Teide National Park (a World Heritage Site) in the municipality of La Orotava, near the volcano of the same name, in the heart of the island. The Roque Cinchado is one of the largest in the world by altitude, for the entire park totals more than 2000 metres.

Title: Adenocarpus viscosus

Adenocarpus viscosus is a shrubby species of flowering plant in the legume family Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae. It is endemic to the Canary Islands where it is known locally as Codeso del Pico. It can be found above 1800 m on two of the islands, La Palma in Caldera de Tabouriente and Tenerife where it is a dominant shrub in Teide National Park and occurs in parts of Corona Forestal Nature Park and Reserva Especial de las Palomas.

Title: Training centre for release of the Atma-energy

Training centre for release of the Atma-energy (German: "Trainingszentrum zur Freisetzung der Atmaenergie"), also known as "Atman Foundation", was a new religious movement active mainly on the island of Tenerife and in Germany. This sect was originally a splinter group of the Brahma Kumaris and is known for a police and media scare in which an alleged attempt to commit ritual suicide took place in Teide National Park in Tenerife. The group believed in the end of the world but according to the religious studies scholar Georg Schmid and the sociologist Massimo Introvigne had no intention of collective suicide.

Title: Alpine National Park

The Alpine National Park is a national park located in the Central Highlands and Alpine regions of Victoria, Australia. The 646000 ha national park is located northeast of Melbourne. It is the largest National Park in Victoria, and covers much of the higher areas of the Great Dividing Range in Victoria, including Victoria's highest point, Mount Bogong at 1986 m and the associated subalpine woodland and grassland of the Bogong High Plains. The park's north-eastern boundary is along the border with New South Wales, where it abuts the Kosciuszko National Park. On 7 November 2008 the Alpine National Park was added to the Australian National Heritage List as one of eleven areas constituting the Australian Alps National Parks and Reserves.

Title: North Cascades National Park

North Cascades National Park is a U.S. National Park located in the state of Washington. The park is the largest of the three National Park Service units that comprise the North Cascades National Park Service Complex. Several national wilderness areas and British Columbia parkland adjoin the National Park. The park features rugged mountain peaks and protects portions of the North Cascades range.

Title: Roald Dahl: Collected Stories

Roald Dahl: Collected Stories is a hardcover edition of short-stories by Roald Dahl for adults. It was published in the US in October 2006 by Random House as part of the Everyman Library. The present volume includes for the first time all the stories in chronological order as established by Dahl's biographer, Jeremy Treglown, in consultation with the Dahl estate. A few of the short stories were not published chronologically in book form, but appeared later, collected in "More Tales of the Unexpected" (1980). The collection contains all of the short stories published in the following collections:

Title: The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl

The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl is a 1991 short story collection for adults by Roald Dahl. The collection, containing tales of macabre malevolence, comprises many of Dahl's stories seen in the television series "Tales of the Unexpected" and previously collected in "Someone Like You" (1953), "Kiss, Kiss" (1960), "Twenty-Nine Kisses from Roald Dahl" (1969), "Ppo poo face" (1974), and "" (1989).

Title: Roald Dahl

Roald Dahl ( , ] ; 13 September 1916 – 23 November 1990) was a British novelist, short story writer, poet, screenwriter, and fighter pilot. His books have sold more than 250 million copies worldwide.

Title: The Best of Roald Dahl

The Best of Roald Dahl is a collection of 25 of Roald Dahl's short stories. The first edition was published in 1978.

Title: Roald Dahl Children's Gallery

The Roald Dahl Children's Gallery is in Church Street, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England. A children's museum in honour of Roald Dahl, it was opened on 23 November 1996 by Terence Hardiman, an actor popular with children due to his role as the titular role in "The Demon Headmaster". The building was previously a coach-house.

Title: Roald Dahl short stories bibliography

Roald Dahl short stories bibliography is a comprehensive annotated list of short stories written by Roald Dahl.

Title: Roald Dahl Plass

Roald Dahl Plass is a public space in Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, Wales. It is named after Cardiff-born author Roald Dahl, and is located on the coast along the south of the city centre. The square is home to the Senedd (Welsh Assembly Building) and the Wales Millennium Centre, a performing arts centre. The bowl-like shape of the space has made it a popular amphitheatre for hosting open-air concerts.

Title: Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat

"Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat" is a short story by Roald Dahl that first appeared in the 1959 issue of "Nugget". The story is Dahl's variation on a popular anecdote dating back at least to 1939: a married woman receives a glamorous mink coat from a man with whom she had an affair. She hopes to sneak the coat into her home without arousing her husband's suspicions, but soon discovers that her husband has plans of his own.

Title: The Roald Dahl Treasury

The Roald Dahl Treasury is an anthology of works of the children's author Roald Dahl. It was first published in the United Kingdom in 1997 by Puffin Books.

Title: Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka (musical)

Roald Dahl's Willy Wonka is a musical that combines elements of both Roald Dahl's book "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" and of the 1971 movie "Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory" with newly created material. The musical has several versions: the original version which premiered in 2004, the Junior version, the Kids version, and the Theatre for Young Audiences version. All are owned by Music Theatre International, the company that owns the Willy Wonka license.

Title: Linda Mvusi

Linda Mvusi (c. 1955 in Bloemfontein- ) is an actress and architect. Mvusi took an award for best actress at the 1988 Cannes Film Festival for her role in the film "A World Apart" which was directed by Chris Menges. Mvusi was the first South African to get a best Actress award at Cannes. Mvusi also shared in an award for excellence for her architecture on the Apartheid Museum.

Title: Second Best (film)

Second Best is a 1994 British film produced by Sarah Radclyffe and directed by Chris Menges. It closely follows the 1991 novel of the same name by David Cook, who also wrote the screenplay.

Title: 11 Harrowhouse

11 Harrowhouse is a 1974 British film directed by Aram Avakian. It was adapted by Charles Grodin based upon the novel by Gerald A. Browne with the screenplay by Jeffrey Bloom. It stars Charles Grodin, Candice Bergen, James Mason, Trevor Howard and John Gielgud.

Title: End of the Road (1970 film)

End of the Road is a 1970 film directed, co-written, and edited by Aram Avakian and adapted from a 1958 novel by John Barth, and stars Stacy Keach, James Earl Jones and Harris Yulin.

Title: Chris Menges

Chris Menges BSC, ASC (born 15 September 1940) is an English cinematographer and film director. He is a member of both the American and British Societies of Cinematographers.

Title: A World Apart (film)

A World Apart is a 1988 anti-Apartheid drama, written by Shawn Slovo and directed by Chris Menges. It is based on the lives of Slovo's parents, Ruth First and Joe Slovo. The film was a co-production between companies from the UK and Zimbabwe, where the movie was filmed. It features Hans Zimmer's first non-collaborative film score.

Title: Cops and Robbers (1973 film)

Cops and Robbers is a 1973 crime comedy film directed by Aram Avakian with an original screenplay by Donald E. Westlake which Westlake subsequently expanded into a novel. The film stars Cliff Gorman as Tom and Joseph Bologna as Joe.

Title: Aram Avakian

Aram A. Avakian (April 23, 1926 – January 17, 1987) was an Armenian-American film editor and director. His work in the latter role includes "Jazz on a Summer's Day" (1960) and the indie film "End of the Road" (1970).

Title: Made in Britain

Made in Britain is a 1982 British television play written by David Leland, and directed by Alan Clarke, about a 16-year-old racist skinhead named Trevor, and his constant confrontations with authority figures. It was originally broadcast on ITV on 10 July 1983 as fourth in an untitled series of works by Leland (including "Birth of a Nation"), loosely based around the British educational system, which subsequently acquired the overall title of "Tales Out of School". As with many Alan Clarke works, the director attempts to depict English working-class life realistically, without moralising or complex plots. The play features strong language, violence, racism and an anti-establishment feeling. Cinematographer Chris Menges's use of the Steadicam contributed to the fluid and gritty atmosphere of the play.

Title: CrissCross

CrissCross is a 1992 American drama film directed by Chris Menges and written by Scott Sommer, based on his homonymous novel. It stars Goldie Hawn, Arliss Howard, Keith Carradine, Steve Buscemi, and David Arnott.

Title: Chicago Public Media

Chicago Public Media is a not-for-profit media company that operates as the primary National Public Radio member organization for Chicago. It owns three non-commercial educational FM broadcast stations and one FM translator, and produces the programs "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! " for NPR stations, "This American Life" which is self-distributed but uses PRX for distribution to other radio stations, and "Sound Opinions" for PRX. CPM is based at Navy Pier in Chicago.

Title: State media

State media or state-owned media is media for mass communication which is "controlled financially and editorially by the state." These news outlets may be the sole media outlet or may exist in competition with corporate and non-corporate media.

Title: Andrew Jaspan

Andrew Jaspan, (b. 20 April 1952) British-Australian journalist, the co-founder of "The Conversation", an independent not-for-profit website of analysis and news from the university and research sector  and its Editor-in-Chief from The Conversation's launch in March 2011 until March 2017.

Title: Advice column

An advice column is a column traditionally presented in a magazine or newspaper, though it can also be delivered through other news media, such as the internet and broadcast news media. The advice column format is question and answer: a (usually anonymous) reader writes to the media outlet with a problem in the form of a question, and the media outlet provides an answer or response. The responses are written by an advice columnist (colloquially known in British English as an agony aunt, or agony uncle if the columnist is male). The image presented was originally of an older woman dispensing comforting advice and maternal wisdom, hence the name "aunt". An advice columnist can also be someone who gives advice to people who send in problems to the newspaper.

Title: The Conversation (website)

The Conversation is an independent, not-for-profit media outlet that uses content sourced from the academic and research community. Since the Australian website's launch in March 2011, it has expanded into six editions, with the addition of a United Kingdom (UK) version in 2013, United States (US) in 2014, Africa in May 2015, France in September 2015, and Global in September 2016. "The Conversation" publishes all content under a Creative Commons license and, as of May 2017, reports a monthly online audience of 5.2 million users onsite, and a reach of 35 million people through creative commons republication.

Title: 990WBOB

990WBOB is a digital media and radio outlet based in Providence, Rhode Island. Founded in Providence, Rhode Island in 2007, 990WBOB. com is an all-encompassing digital media powerhouse in the New England market. An independent media outlet and two-time Providence Phoenix Best Blog Award winner, 990WBOB. com provides up-to-the-minute news, sports, politics and weather through its award-winning digital print and radio platform with more than 80,000 listeners in Rhode Island and availability in more than 200,000 homes nationwide.

Title: Accessible Media

AMI is a not-for-profit media company that entertains, informs and empowers Canadians who are blind or partially sighted. Operating three broadcast services, AMI-tv and AMI-audio in English and AMI-télé in French, AMI’s vision is to establish and support a voice for Canadians with disabilities, representing their interests, concerns and values through accessible media, reflection and portrayal.

Title: 14ymedio

14ymedio is the first independent digital media outlet in Cuba. It was founded on May 21, 2014, by the Cuban blogger and activist Yoani Sánchez and the Cuban journalist Reinaldo Escobar. The project started with a group of 12 reporters, whose objective was to produce a digital media outlet with different types of news. The newspaper contains news about Cuba and the world, in topics related to national politics, international politics, economy, culture, society, science and technology, and sports. It also publishes editorials, opinion articles, and interviews.

Title: Vatican leaks scandal

The Vatileaks scandal is a scandal initially involving leaked Vatican documents, exposing alleged corruption; in addition, an internal Vatican investigation purportedly uncovered the blackmailing of homosexual clergy by individuals outside the Church. Italian journalist Gianluigi Nuzzi published letters from Archbishop Carlo Maria Viganò, in which he begged not to be transferred for having exposed alleged corruption that cost the Holy See millions in higher contract prices. The name "VatiLeaks" is a play on the word "WikiLeaks", a not-for-profit media organisation whose goal is to bring important news and information to the public.

Title: EvidenceNetwork.ca

EvidenceNetwork.ca creates media content on public policy topics for publication in the mainstream media and links journalists with policy experts to provide access to non-partisan, evidence-based information. According to their annual reports, they have published hundreds of original articles in every major media outlet in Canada every year since 2011, reprinted over 3700 times across media outlets All of their content carries a Creative Commons license.

Title: Independent Spirit Awards

The Film Independent Spirit Awards (abbreviated "Spirit Awards" and originally known as the FINDIE or Friends of Independents Awards), founded in 1984, are awards dedicated to independent filmmakers. Winners were typically presented with acrylic glass pyramids containing suspended shoestrings representing the paltry budgets of independent films. Since 2006, winners have received a trophy depicting a bird with its wings spread sitting atop of a pole with the shoestrings from the previous design wrapped around the pole.

Title: Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography

The Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography is one of the annual awards given by Independent Spirit Awards, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.

Title: Silent Light

Silent Light (Plautdietsch: "Stellet Licht"; Spanish: "Luz silenciosa" ) is a 2007 film written and directed by Carlos Reygadas. Filmed in a Mennonite colony close to Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua State, Northern Mexico, "Silent Light" tells the story of a Mennonite married man who falls in love with another woman, threatening his place in the conservative community. The dialogue is in Plautdietsch, the Low German dialect of the Mennonites. The film was selected as the Mexican entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 80th Academy Awards, but it did not make the shortlist. The film was nominated for Best Foreign Film at the 24th Independent Spirit Awards. It gained nine nominations, including all major categories, in the Ariel Awards, the Mexican national awards.

Title: 32nd Independent Spirit Awards

The 32nd Independent Spirit Awards (2017) nominees were announced by Film Independent, the nonprofit arts organization that produces them, on November 22, 2016. The ceremony, hosted by Nick Kroll and John Mulaney, took place on Saturday, February 25, 2017, and was broadcast live on IFC at 2:00 pm PT. Online streaming service Sundance Now live-streamed the Spirit Awards concurrently with the telecast, with an on-demand version available on Sundance Now.

Title: 28th Independent Spirit Awards

The 2012 Independent Spirit Awards was the 28th annual occasion of the Film Independent Spirit Awards. It announced its nominees on November 27, 2012. The winners were announced on February 23, 2013 during an awards ceremony hosted by Andy Samberg.

Title: John Waters

John Samuel Waters Jr. (born April 22, 1946) is an American film director, screenwriter, author, actor, stand-up comedian, journalist, visual artist, and art collector, who rose to fame in the early 1970s for his transgressive cult films.

Title: 18th Independent Spirit Awards

The 2002 Independent Spirit Awards, honoring the best in independent filmmaking for 2002, were announced on March 22, 2003. It was hosted by John Waters.

Title: Independent Spirit Award for Best Editing

The Independent Spirit Award for Best Editing is one of the annual awards given by Independent Spirit Awards, a non-profit organization dedicated to independent film and independent filmmakers.

Title: Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature

The Independent Spirit Award for Best First Feature is one of the annual Independent Spirit Awards. It is usually given to the director (or directors) and producer (or producers). The "first feature" designation is applied to the director not the producer(s). Therefore, producers have been nominated multiple times.

Title: Mihai Mălaimare Jr.

Mihai Mălaimare Jr. (born 1975) is a Romanian cinematographer. He is the son of the Romanian actor and former politician . He was a cinematographer on films directed by Francis Ford Coppola and Paul Thomas Anderson. He was nominated for Best Cinematography at the 24th Independent Spirit Awards for "Youth Without Youth" in 2008.

Title: The Original Jam Sessions 1969

The Original Jam Sessions 1969 is a 2004 released album by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby recorded as backing music for "The Bill Cosby Show" in 1969.

Title: Flamingo Las Vegas

Flamingo Las Vegas (formerly The Fabulous Flamingo and Flamingo Hilton Las Vegas) is a hotel and casino located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. It is owned and operated by Caesars Entertainment Corporation.

Title: Why Is There Air?

Why Is There Air? (1965) is Bill Cosby's third album. It was recorded at the Flamingo Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada. It won the 1966 Grammy Award for Best Comedy Album.

Title: Disco Bill

Disco Bill (1977) is an album by Bill Cosby. It is his fifth, and last, musical comedy/parody album. As with "Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days", Cosby stated he improvised much of the material on the album; as its name implies, the album spoofs the disco craze of the late 1970s.

Title: Hikky Burr

theme song for "The Bill Cosby Show", and was also released as a well-known single in 1969. It was written and performed by Quincy Jones and Bill Cosby. It is known for its nonsense lyrics. It is on the album "Smackwater Jack". "Hikky Burr" was featured on the album "The Original Jam Sessions 1969", and on "The Best of Bill Cosby".

Title: At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings

At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings is an album by Bill Cosby. It is his fifth music-based album and the only one released on the Stax Records-distributed Partee Records. It features appearances from former Stevie Wonder band members like future R&B star Ray Parker, Jr. on guitar, and also features a second collaboration with his songwriting partner Stu Gardner, who plays organ on this set.

Title: Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby

Inside the Mind of Bill Cosby (1972) is the 14th album of stand up comedy by Bill Cosby. It is the fifteenth such album he released, but only the fourth on Uni Records (when that label folded, the album was distributed by its parent company, MCA). The album is available on compact disc, but to date the other Uni albums have not been so released.

Title: Bill Cosby Is a Very Funny Fellow...Right!

Bill Cosby is a Very Funny Fellow...Right! is the debut album release by Bill Cosby. It was recorded live at the nightclub The Bitter End in New York City's Greenwich Village during early 1963. The album includes three sketches about Noah.

Title: Bill's Best Friend

Bill's Best Friend is the 17th comedy album by Bill Cosby. Much of the material was recycled in the film and accompanying album "Himself". The story of the car with the airplane engine was previously attributed to Fat Albert, while on this album the owner is referred to as "Charlie Waynes". The car in the Fat Albert sketch was a 1941 Mercury. The car on this album is a 1942 DeSoto. This album and his previous Capitol Records album were repackaged in Australia as a two-CD set in 1992 called "The Bill Cosby Collection".

Title: Yes, Yes, Yes

"Yes, Yes, Yes" is a musical comedy/parody song co-written, recorded and released as a single in 1976 by comedian Bill Cosby. The song came from Cosby's 1976 album, "Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days".

Title: Phillips Distilling Company

Phillips Distilling Company (est. 1912) is a Minneapolis, Minnesota-based distillery and house brand of liquors known for its omnipresence in the bars, taverns, and private shelves of the Great Plains. Brands such as UV Vodka and Prairie Vodka are becoming popular across the nation. Phillips produces a variety of liquors such as Vodka, Gin, Rum, Canadian whisky, Brandy and many flavors of Schnapps. In recent years, Phillips has branched out beyond standard liquors with a variety of specialty drinks, such as Revel Stoke Spiced Whisky (the original spiced whisky), Gin-Ka (a combination of gin and vodka), Phillips Union Whiskey, the 100 proof series of Schnapps (Hot, Blue, and Root Beer), and vodka such as UV Vodka and the handcrafted and organic Prairie Vodka. Phillips also produced an herbal liqueur, aptly named "Black 100" for its 50% alcohol by volume content and opaque black color, similar in texture and flavor to Schwartzhog or Jakob Steiner.

Title: Flaming beverage

Flaming beverages include cocktails and other mixed drinks that contain flammable, high-proof alcohol, which is ignited prior to consumption. The alcohol may be an integral part of the drink, or it may be floated as a thin layer across the top of the drink. The flames are mostly for dramatic flair. However, in combination with certain ingredients, the flavor of the drink is altered. Some flavors are enhanced, and it may impart a toasted flavor to some drinks.

Title: Energy shot

Energy shots are a specialized kind of energy drink that contain a dose of the stimulant caffeine in a small amount of liquid. Whereas most energy drinks are sold in cans or bottles, energy shots are usually sold in 50ml bottles. Energy shots can contain the same total amount of caffeine, vitamins or other functional ingredients as their larger versions, and may be considered concentrated forms of energy drinks. "Micro shot" energy drinks also exist, containing only 1-5 teaspoons of liquid.

Title: CytoSport

CytoSport is an American manufacturer of sports-oriented nutritional products, or "supplements" based in Benicia, California. It offers a line of protein-enhanced powders, shakes, and bars has broken into the mainstream market with a ready-to-drink form of protein supplement Muscle Milk, a non-dairy beverage which is trans-fat-free, lactose-free, contain no high fructose corn syrup and is shelf stable. Muscle Milk mainly markets on taste by using familiar milkshake flavors such as banana, milk chocolate and vanilla to drive consumers to the product, along with multiple drink sizes and formats, including powders and being sold in convenience stores alongside regular energy drinks and sports drinks.

Title: List of soft drinks by country

This is a list of soft drinks in order of the brand's country of origin. A soft drink is a beverage that typically contains water (often, but not always, carbonated water), usually a sweetener and usually a flavoring agent. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks) or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives and other ingredients.

Title: Gibson (cocktail)

The Gibson is a mixed drink made with gin and vermouth, and often garnished with a pickled onion. The oldest published recipe for the Gibson is found in the 1908 book, "The World's Drinks And How To Mix Them" by William Boothby.

Title: Soft drink

A soft drink (see terminology for other names) is a drink that typically contains carbonated water, a sweetener, and a natural or artificial flavoring. The sweetener may be sugar, high-fructose corn syrup, fruit juice, sugar substitutes (in the case of diet drinks), or some combination of these. Soft drinks may also contain caffeine, colorings, preservatives, and other ingredients.

Title: Rubicon Drinks

Rubicon Drinks Ltd (formerly Rubicon Products Ltd) is a soft drink manufacturer based in Milton Keynes, UK. The company specialises in exotic soft drinks, and produces a variety of different flavours of drink, many of which contain sugar or artificial sweeteners, and which come in both still and sparkling varieties. In the United Kingdom, their drinks are bottled and distributed by A.G. Barr plc.

Title: Zurracapote

Zurracapote (sometimes abbreviated as zurra) is a popular Spanish alcoholic mixed drink, similar to sangría. It consists of red wine mixed with fruit such as peaches and lemons, sugar, and cinnamon. The concoction is then traditionally left to steep for several days, though some recipes call for the addition of other alcoholic beverages, juices, and fruit extracts. The result is a mild-to-medium alcoholic drink, similar to sangría.

Title: Gin pennant

The gin pennant (sometimes gin flag or drinking pennant) is a maritime flag. When flown aboard ship, it indicates an open invitation to other ships' officers to come aboard for drinks.

Title: London International Documentary Festival

The London International Documentary Festival (or LIDF) is an annual documentary film festival that takes place in the months of March and April every year. The event is presented in association with the London Review of Books.

Title: Docville

The International Documentary Film Festival Docville is an annual documentary film festival set in Leuven, Belgium.

Title: Chagrin Documentary Film Festival

Chagrin Documentary Film Festival is an annual documentary film festival based in Chagrin Falls, Ohio. The festival debuted in 2010, with 93 films showing in venues throughout the village. That year, the festival had an attendance of 1,800. By the 2015 festival, that number had grown to almost 7,000, while the number of films shrank to less than 70.

Title: British Journal

The British Journal was an English newspaper published from 22 September 1722 until 13 January 1728. The paper was then published as the British Journal or The Censor from 20 January 1728 until 23 November 1730, and then as the British Journal or The Traveller from 30 November 1730 until 20 March 1731.

Title: London Review of Books

The London Review of Books (LRB) is a British journal of literary essays. It is published fortnightly.

Title: FreedomFilmFest

FreedomFilmFest, also known as The KOMAS Freedom Film Festival (FFF), is the first annual documentary film festival in Malaysia. Established in 2003, it adopts the themes encompassed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), pioneering a documentary film competition method in Malaysia which encourages first-time film makers to turn their winning proposals into films.

Title: Doc NYC

Doc NYC (stylized as DOC NYC) is an annual documentary film festival in New York City. Co-founded by Thom Powers and his wife Raphaela Neihausen, the festival is the country's largest documentary film festival with over 300 films and events and 200 special guests. The festival takes place over eight days in November at the West Village's IFC Center and Chelsea's Cinépolis and SVA Theater.

Title: British Journal of Social Psychology

The British Journal of Social Psychology is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the British Psychological Society. It publishes original papers on subjects like social cognition, attitudes, group processes, social influence, intergroup relations, self and identity, nonverbal communication, and social psychological aspects of affect and emotion, and of language and discourse. The journal was established in 1962 as the "British Journal of Social and Clinical Psychology" and obtained its current title in 1981. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2010 impact factor of 2.056.

Title: Thomas Gordon (writer)

Thomas Gordon (c. 1691–1750) was a Scottish writer and Commonwealthman. Along with John Trenchard, he published "The Independent Whig", which was a weekly periodical. From 1720 to 1723, Trenchard and Gordon wrote a series of 144 essays entitled "Cato's Letters", condemning corruption and lack of morality within the British political system and warning against tyranny. The essays were published as "Essays on Liberty, Civil and Religious", at first in the "London Journal" and then in the "British Journal". These essays became a cornerstone of the Commonwealth man tradition and were influential in shaping the ideas of the Country Party. His ideas played an important role in shaping republicanism in Britain and especially in the American colonies leading up to the American revolution. Zuckert argues, "The writers who, more than any others, put together the new synthesis that is the new republicanism were John Trenchard and Thomas Gordon, writing in the early eighteenth century as "Cato."

Title: New Haven Documentary Film Festival

New Haven Documentary Film Festival (also known as NHdocs) is an annual documentary film festival held in New Haven, Connecticut, over a weekend in the month of June. Screenings take place at Yale University’s Whitney Humanities Center Auditorium and the New Haven Free Public Library. NHdocs is a regional festival that showcases documentaries by filmmakers from the greater New Haven area and beyond. NHdocs was launched in 2014 when the film festival’s co-founders Charles Musser, Gorman Bechard, Jacob Bricca, and Lisa Molomot came together at the Big Sky Documentary Film Festival and decided to create a documentary film festival in New Haven that would “build a sense of community among documentary filmmakers from the greater New Haven area.” In 2014, the four filmmakers each showed one of their recently completed documentaries, three of which had just played at the Big Sky.

Title: Scott's Run Nature Preserve

Scott's Run Nature Preserve is a nature preserve in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Located in McLean, it is bordered by Virginia State Route 193 to its south, Interstate 495 to its east and the Potomac River to its north. It encompasses 336 acre of woodland with its namesake, Scott's Run, flowing through its west side. Scott's Run originates in nearby Tysons Corner and enters the Potomac on the northwest side of the preserve. The preserve is noted for including eastern hemlocks among its plant life, which are rare for the area. It is a popular destination for recreation and hiking and is operated by the Fairfax County Park Authority.

Title: Tysons Galleria

Tysons Galleria is a three-level super-regional mall owned by General Growth Properties located at 2001 International Drive, McLean, Virginia, in Tysons Corner. It is the second-largest mall in McLean/Tysons Corner, and one of the largest in the Washington metropolitan area.

Title: Poughkeepsie Galleria

The Poughkeepsie Galleria (locally known as "The Galleria") is an upscale shopping center on U.S. 9 in the Town of Poughkeepsie, New York, located just north of Wappingers Falls, and is the largest shopping center in Dutchess County. The Galleria has an area of 1100000 sqft with two floors containing 140 shops and 14 restaurants as well as a 16-screen, stadium-seating Regal Cinemas theater.

Title: Tysons, Virginia

Tysons, or formerly “Tysons Corner” is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. Located in Northern Virginia between the community of McLean and the town of Vienna along the Capital Beltway (I-495), it lies within the Washington Metropolitan Area. Tysons is home to two super-regional shopping malls—Tysons Corner Center and Tysons Galleria—and the corporate headquarters of numerous companies such as Intelsat, Gannett, Hilton Worldwide, Freddie Mac, Capital One and Booz Allen Hamilton. Tysons is Fairfax County's central business district and a regional commercial center. It has been characterized as a quintessential example of an edge city. The population was 19,627 as of the 2010 census.

Title: Tysons Corner Center

Tysons Corner Center, located in the Tysons Corner unincorporated area in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States (between McLean and Vienna, Virginia), opened to the public in 1968, becoming one of the first fully enclosed, climate-controlled shopping malls in the Washington metropolitan area.

Title: Cobb Galleria Centre

The Cobb Galleria Centre is a meeting and convention center and a shopping center in the Cumberland/Galleria district of Cobb County, northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. It is also located next to a cluster of mid-rise office buildings, the Cumberland Mall and the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre. It has hosted over 15,000 events and millions of guests. The venue operates under the direction of the Cobb-Marietta Coliseum and Exhibit Hall Authority and is located at the intersection of three major highways: Interstate 75, Interstate 285, and Cobb Parkway (U.S. 41) just northwest of the city. The Galleria Specialty Mall, which pre-dates the convention center, is located downstairs, with meeting halls upstairs.

Title: West McLean, Virginia

West McLean is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States. West McLean is located in the western part of the McLean census-designated place and includes much of the Tysons Corner area. West McLean has its own post office which has ZIP code 22103, which is used primarily for the PO Boxes at that Post Office. Other than the Post Office itself, West McLean uses ZIP code 22102.

Title: McLean station

McLean (preliminary name Tysons East, Tysons–McLean) is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the Silver Line. The station is located in Tysons Corner, with a McLean postal address. It began operation on July 26, 2014.

Title: McLean, Virginia

McLean ( ) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fairfax County in Northern Virginia. McLean is home to many diplomats, businessmen, members of Congress, and high-ranking government officials partially due to its proximity to Washington, D.C. and the Central Intelligence Agency. It is the location of Hickory Hill, the former home of Ethel Kennedy, the widow of Robert F. Kennedy. It is also the location of Salona, the former home of Light-Horse Harry Lee, the Revolutionary War hero. The community had an estimated total population of 53,673 in 2015, according to estimates prepared by the United States Census Bureau. It is located between the Potomac River and the town of Vienna. McLean is known for its luxury homes and its high-end shopping destinations: the Tysons Corner Center and the Tysons Galleria. The two McLean zip codes - 22101 and 22102 - are among the most expensive ZIP Codes in Virginia and the United States.

Title: Spring Hill station

Spring Hill (preliminary names Tysons West, Tysons–Spring Hill Road) is a Washington Metro station in Fairfax County, Virginia, on the Silver Line. Located in Tysons Corner, it began operation on July 26, 2014. The station is located in the central median of Leesburg Pike (SR 7) just west of Spring Hill Road.

Title: Cardinal Health

Cardinal Health, Inc. is a Fortune 500 health care services company based in Dublin, Ohio. The company specializes in distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical products, serving more than 100,000 locations. The company also manufactures medical and surgical products, including gloves, surgical apparel and fluid management products. In addition, it operates the nation’s largest network of radiopharmacies. Cardinal Health provides medical products to over 75 percent of hospitals in the United States. In December 2013, it was announced that Cardinal Health would team up with CVS Caremark, which would form the largest generic drug sourcing operation in the United States. The venture was named Red Oak Sourcing and began operations in July 2014.

Title: Terren Peizer

Terren Scott Peizer dubbed the "Zelig of Wall Street" is currently the Chairman of his personal Los Angeles-based investment company, Acuitas Group Holdings (AGH), which in turn owns 100% of Crede Capital Group (CCG) which invests in public companies, and provides growth capital to small and medium-sized enterprises. Since its inception in June 2009, CCG has provided companies with capital commitments and funding in excess of $1.2 Billion. Besides its ownership of Crede Capital, Acuitas Group owns 72% of Catasys, Inc., a provider of proprietary big data based analytics and predictive modeling driven behavioral health management services for health plans; and owns 100% of NeurMedix, Inc., a biotech company that develops and commercializes disease modifying small molecules to treat neuro-degenerative diseases, such as Parkinson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, Migraine disease, Huntington’s disease, ALS, MS, Epilepsy, Traumatic Brain Injury, and Retina disease. Peizer is Founder, Chairman of the three Acuitas companies, and is CEO of Catasys, Inc. and Crede Capital Group. Having developed a bioscience and healthcare expertise, Peizer’s Crede Capital became the largest shareholder in 22nd Century Group, Inc., a public company that is commercializing bio-plant technology to harm-reduce tobacco, creating very low nicotine and very low tar tobacco products which affect levels of addiction and cancer causing carcinogens. On October 1, 2015 New England Journal of Medicine published a landmark study on the company’s very low nicotine spectrum cigarettes. In October 2014, Peizer and 22nd Century formed a JV to commercialize the company’s products in China with China National Tobacco Company, the largest tobacco company in the world and the largest monopoly in China. China represents over 50% of the worldwide tobacco market.

Title: BankUnited

BankUnited, Inc., with total consolidated assets of $27.9 billion at December 31, 2016, is a bank holding company with one wholly owned subsidiary, BankUnited, collectively, the Company. BankUnited, a national banking association headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida, provides a full range of banking services to individual and corporate customers through 94 banking centers located in 15 Florida counties and 6 banking centers in the New York metropolitan area. The Bank also provides certain commercial lending and deposit products on a national platform. The Company endeavors to provide, through experienced lending and relationship banking teams, personalized customer service and offers a full range of traditional banking products and services to both commercial and retail customers.

Title: Bordan Tkachuk

Bordan Tkachuk ( ) is a British business executive, the former CEO of Viglen, also known from his appearances on the BBC-produced British version of "The Apprentice," interviewing for his boss Lord Sugar.

Title: Viglen

Viglen Ltd provides IT products and services, including storage systems, servers, workstations and data/voice communications equipment and services.

Title: Compass Minerals

Compass Minerals International, Inc is a United States listed public company that, through its subsidiaries, is a leading producer of minerals, including salt, magnesium chloride, sulfate of potash and other plant nutrition products. Based in Kansas City, the company provides bulk treated and untreated highway deicing salt to customers in North America and the United Kingdom and plant nutrition products to growers worldwide. Compass Minerals also produces consumer deicing and water conditioning products, consumer and commercial culinary salt, and other mineral-based products for consumer, agricultural, and industrial applications. In addition, Compass Minerals provides records management services to businesses throughout the United Kingdom.

Title: Owens &amp; Minor

Owens & Minor () is a Fortune 500 company based in Mechanicsville, Virginia, just outside of Richmond. Owens & Minor, Inc. is a healthcare logistics company specializing in contracting packages of healthcare products for hospitals. Owens and Minor's tagline is "Connecting the World of Medical Products to the Point of Care". The company provides supply chain services to healthcare providers and manufacturers of healthcare products, including disposable medical supplies as well as devices and implants. Owens and Minor has logistics operations in the United States and Europe, where three quarters of global healthcare spending occurs. Owens & Minor’s customers span the healthcare market from independent hospitals to large integrated healthcare networks, as well as group purchasing organizations, healthcare products manufacturers, and the federal government. Owens & Minor is headquartered in Mechanicsville, Virginia, and has annualized revenues exceeding $9 billion.

Title: Kingstone Companies

Kingstone Companies, Inc., which has its headquarters in Kingston, New York, provides property and casualty insurance products through its subsidiary, Kingstone Insurance Company. It places contracts with the third-party licensed premium finance company through its subsidiary Payments, Inc, a NYS licensed Insurance Premium Finance Company. Kingstone Insurance Company was ranked #1 of the 81 insurers rated by the Professional Insurance Agents Association in its 2010 Company Performance Survey. The company sells insurance products include personal lines of insurance products, general liability policies commercial automobile policies and so on through independent retail and wholesale agents and brokers.

Title: Jonathan Michael Ansell

Jonathan M. Ansell (born August 13, 1950 in Binghamton, New York) is an American entrepreneur and CEO in the insurance and insurtech industry. Ansell is the founder and CEO of insurtech companies Merlinio Technologies and Merlinio Insurance Services, an online digital insurance agency and technology platform serving the millennial market. Before Merlinio, Ansell was a co-founder and CEO of Fusion Company, a global digital merchandising provider that specializes in ancillary products. Fusion was created in 2012 after being spun-out of a large international insurance company. Previously Ansell was the President, CEO and one of the co-founders of what is now Allianz Global Assistance USA, one of the largest travel insurance companies in the US and American specialty insurer Jefferson Insurance Company. He was also a member of the management board of Allianz Global Assistance, formerly Mondial Assistance, an international travel insurance and assistance company based in Paris, France.

Title: Clean Power Finance

Clean Power Finance, headquartered in San Francisco, California, is a financial services and software company for the residential solar industry. Clean Power Finance operates the CPF Market, an online business-to-business platform that connects institutional investors and lenders with residential solar professionals who need solar finance products to grow their businesses. Clean Power Finance provides the solar industry with CPF Tools, a solar sales, quoting and design software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution: qualified residential solar channel partners access finance products through the software. Third-party investors create solar project finance funds; Clean Power Finance provides origination, underwriting and asset management services to the fund investors and markets investor capital to solar professionals as residential finance products, including solar leases and power purchase agreements (PPAs).

Title: Aryanto Yuniawan

Aryanto Yuniawan (born June 18, 1977 in Magelang; age 40) is Chief Executive Officer of PT Mataram Surya Visi Sinema, a multimedia and animation movie company located in Jogja Indonesia. Ary (his nickname) is best known as a director of Battle of Surabaya, the first 2D animation movie in Indonesia which got some awards i.e. Gold Remi Award USA 2016, GrandPrize Winner of SICAF 2016 in South Korea, Winner of Nice International Filmmaker Festival 2017 in France, Winner of Nioda International Film Festival in India and others. He is also acclaimed as a writer, a producer, and currently working on several articles and books related to his job and hobby. He started his career from directing and producing independent animation films including music videos. He was trusted to be one of the juries of several film festivals such as Festival Film Indonesia (FFI 2016), Noida International Film Festival (NIFF 2016), and Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF 2017).

Title: Seasoned Veteran

Seasoned Veteran is the third studio album by American rapper Richie Rich. It was released November 5, 1996 on Def Jam Recordings, and to date is the only major label release for the artist. The album was produced by Ali Malik, DJ Daryl, Doug Rasheed, Jermaine Dupri, Lev Berlak, Mike Mosley, Richie Rich and Rick Rock. It peaked at number 11 on the "Billboard" Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and at number 35 on the "Billboard" 200. Two of the singles released, "Let's Ride" and "Do G's Get To Go To Heaven? ", both appeared on multiple "Billboard" singles charts. The album features guest performances by 2Pac, E-40, Luniz, D'wayne Wiggins, T-Boz, and Rame Royal of Rhythm & Green.

Title: AES+F

AES+F is an artist collective of four Russian artists: Tatiana Arzamasova (1955), Lev Evzovich (1958), Evgeny Svyatsky (1957), and Vladimir Fridkes (1956). It was first formed as AES Group in 1987 by Arzamasova, Evzovich, and Svyatsky, becoming AES+F when Fridkes joined in 1995. The collective works in photography, video, installation, and animation, as well as more traditional media, such as painting, drawing, and sculpture. AES+F's early work included performance, installation, painting, and illustration. Well known for their monumental video-art installations that Gareth Harris describes as "monumental painting set in motion", AES+F create grand visual narratives that explore contemporary global values, vices and conflicts.

Title: Anani ben Sason

Anani ben Sason (also called 'Anani, 'Inani, and 'Inyani) was a Jewish Talmudist who lived in the Land of Israel, known as an amora of the third century, a contemporary of R. Ammi. He rarely discussed "Halakot", and his discussions of them were not original ("Shab. " 64b). Once he recited a "Halakah" in the patriarch's mansion, without naming its author, which provoked R. Ammi to ask: "Is it his own? It is what R. Eleazar had reported in the name of R. Oshaiah" (M. Ḳ. 24b). In the "Haggadah", he sometimes reported the sayings of others, but more often he was original. Thus, as a reason for the juxtaposition of the regulations regarding the sacrificial rites and the priestly vestments ("Ex. " xxviii-xxix), he points out that the priestly vestments were to have atoning effects as well as the sacrifices. He represents the miter as atoning for haughtiness, and cites R. Chanina as saying, "That which rests highest on the priest atones for one's considering himself high"; and similarly with the rest of the priestly garments ("Zeb." 88b; " 'Ar." 16a; compare "Yer. Yoma," vii. 44b; "Lev. R." x.). Referring to God's appearance in the thorn-bush ("Ex." iii. 2-4) he remarks, "The Holy One—blessed be He! —said to Moses, 'When I will it, one of my angels stretcheth forth his hand from heaven and reacheth to the ground,' as the Scripture says ["Ezek. " viii. 3], 'He put forth the form of a hand, and took me by a lock of mine head'; and when it so pleaseth me, I make three angels sit under one tree ["Gen." xviii. 4]; when I choose, my glory fills the universe, as it is written ["Jer." xxiii. 24], 'Do I not fill heaven and earth? saith the Lord'; 'and when I so willed, I spoke to Job in a whirlwind, as it is said ["Job," xxxviii. 1, xl. 6], "The Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind"" ("Ex. R." iii., where the interpretation is somewhat forced).

Title: Lev Kuleshov

Lev Vladimirovich Kuleshov (Russian: Лев Влади́мирович Кулешо́в ; 13 January [O.S. 1 January] 1899 – 29 March 1970) was a Russian and Soviet filmmaker and film theorist, one of the founders of the world's first film school, the Moscow Film School. He was given the title People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1969. He was intimately involved in development of the style of film making known as Soviet montage, especially it's psychological underpinning, including the use of editing and the cut to emotionally influence the audience, a principle known as the Kuleshov effect. He also developed the theory of creative geography, which is the use of the action around a cut to connect otherwise disparate settings into a cohesive narrative.

Title: Pamela Gilbert

Pamela B. Gilbert (born October 3, 1958) is an American lawyer and has been a partner of the law firm Cuneo Gilbert & LaDuca, LLP since 2003, where she heads the firm's lobbying practice. Gilbert is a noted consumer rights advocate who has testified before Congress over fifty times and made dozens of appearances in the national print and electronic media.

Title: Lev Yilmaz

Levni Yilmaz (born 1973) is a San Francisco based independent film maker, artist and publisher, best known for his “Tales of Mere Existence” animated comic series.

Title: Eliezer ben Jacob I

Eliezer ben Jacob I (Hebrew: אליעזר בן יעקב) was a Tanna of the 1st century; contemporary of Eleazar b. Ḥisma and Eliezer b. Hyrcanus, and senior of Judah ben Ilai (Pes. 32a, 39b; Yalḳ. , Lev. 638). Of his personal history nothing is known, except that he had seen the Temple at Jerusalem and was familiar with the specific purposes of its many apartments, a subject on which he was considered an authority (Yoma 16b). Some of the details, however, he eventually forgot, and was reminded of them by Abba Saul b. Baṭnit (Mid. ii. 5, v. 4). Simon b. 'Azzai, R. Akiva's contemporary, relates that he had discovered a genealogical roll wherein was stated, "The Mishnah of R. Eliezer b. Jacob is only a 'ḳab' [small in proportion], but clear" (משנת ראב"י קב ונקי, Yeb. 49b), wherefore subsequent generations generally adopted Eliezer's views as law (Yeb. 60a; Bek. 23b).

Title: Pamela B. Green

Pamela B. Green is an American film producer and director known for her work in feature film titles and motion graphics. She is the director and producer of the documentary "Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blache".

Title: Pamela B. Davis

Pamela B. Davis, MD, PhD is a pediatric pulmonologist specializing in cystic fibrosis research. She has been Dean of the School of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University since 2007. She was elected to the Institute of Medicine in 2014.

Title: Visa policy of Hong Kong

The visa policy of Hong Kong deals with the requirements in which a foreign national wishing to enter the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region must meet to obtain an entry permit or visa, which depending on the traveller's nationality, may be required to travel to, enter, and remain in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Visitors from over 145 countries are permitted visa-free entry for periods ranging from 7 to 180 days, to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for tourism or certain business-related activities. All visitors must hold a passport valid for more than 1 month.

Title: Rabat

Rabat (Berber: , Arabic: الرِّبَاط‎ ‎ , Moroccan Arabic: رّباط‎ ‎ ) is the capital city of Morocco and its second largest city with an urban population of approximately 580,000 (2014) and a metropolitan population of over 1.2 million. It is also the capital city of the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra administrative region.

Title: Sinuiju Special Administrative Region

Sinŭiju Special Administrative Region is a special administrative region (SAR) of North Korea proclaimed in 2002 (but has not been put into "de facto" operation as of 2014), on the border with China. It was established in September 2002 in an area including parts of Sinŭiju and the surrounding area, in an attempt to introduce market economics, and is directly governed as in the case of "Directly Governed Cities". The special administrative region was modelled after China's Special Administrative Regions (SARs), Hong Kong and Macau, and, like them, has a "Basic Law" (기본법; Kibonpŏp).

Title: Caraga

Caraga, officially known as the Caraga Administrative Region or simply Caraga Region and designated as Region XIII, is an administrative region in the Philippines occupying the northeastern section of the island of Mindanao. The Caraga Region was created through "Republic Act No. 7901" on February 23, 1995. The region comprises five provinces: Agusan del Norte, Agusan del Sur, Surigao del Norte, Surigao del Sur and Dinagat Islands; six cities: Bayugan, Bislig, Butuan, Cabadbaran, Surigao and Tandag; 67 municipalities and 1,311 barangays. Butuan is the regional administrative center.

Title: 2014 NPCSC Decision on Hong Kong

The Decision of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on Issues Relating to the Selection of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region by Universal Suffrage and on the Method for Forming the Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region in the Year 2016 (), commonly known as 31 August Decision (), is a decision made by the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPCSC), the national legislative body of the People's Republic of China (PRC) on 31 August 2014 which set limits for the 2017 Chief Executive election and 2016 Legislative Council election in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR).

Title: Ilocos Region

The Ilocos Region (Ilocano: "Rehion/Deppaar ti Ilocos" ; Pangasinan: "Sagor na Baybay na Luzon" ; Filipino: "Rehiyon ng Ilocos" ) is an administrative region of the Philippines, designated as Region I, occupying the northwestern section of Luzon. It is bordered by the Cordillera Administrative Region to the east, the Cagayan Valley to the northeast and southeast, and the Central Luzon to the south. To the west lies the South China Sea.

Title: Wolong Special Administrative Region

The Wolong Special Administrative Region () is an area in Sichuan, China. It is located in the southwest of Wenchuan County, Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture of Sichuan. It was formerly known as Wolong Special Administrative Region of Wenchuan County, Sichuan Province and was founded in March 1983 with approval of the State Council. It was given its current name and placed under Sichuan provincial government with administrative supervision by the provincial department of forestry. Its area supersedes Sichuan Wolong National Nature Reserve and its administrative office is the same as the Administrative Bureau of the State Forestry Administration for the reserve. It currently has a population of 5343.

Title: Moroccan Ambassador to China

The Moroccan ambassador in Beijing is the official representative of the Government in Rabat to the Government of the People's Republic of China.

Title: Liaison Office (Hong Kong)

The Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (; abbr. LOCPG or 中聯辦) is an organ of the Central People's Government of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR). It replaced the New China News Agency (NCNA) as the representative of the PRC government in Hong Kong in 2000.

Title: Hong Kong Basic Law

The Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China is the constitutional document of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. Being a national law of the People's Republic of China, the Basic Law was adopted on 4 April 1990 by the Seventh National People's Congress and signed by President Yang Shangkun.

Title: Fuding Railway Station

Fuding Railway Station () is a railway station located in Fuding City, Ningde, Fujian Province, China, on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway operated by the Nanchang Railway Bureau, China Railway Corporation.

Title: Yingkou

Yingkou () is a prefecture-level city of Liaoning province, People's Republic of China. It is a port city of the Bohai Sea, and is the location of the mouth of the Liao River.

Title: Fuding

() is a county-level city in northeastern Ningde prefecture level city, on Fujian's border with Zhejiang province.

Title: Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou

The Roman Catholic Diocese of Yingkou/Yingkow (Latin: "Imcheuven(sis)" , ) is a diocese located in the city of Yingkou in the Ecclesiastical province of Shenyang 瀋陽 in China.

Title: Yingkou Lanqi Airport

Yingkou Lanqi Airport (IATA: YKH, ICAO: ZYYK) is an airport serving the city of Yingkou in Liaoning province of Northeast China. It is located in Lanqi Village in Xishi District of Yingkou, about 17 km from the city center by road. The airport opened on 3 February 2016, when the inaugural China Eastern Airlines flight landed from Shanghai Pudong International Airport. The total investment for the project was estimated at CNY 8.94 billion.

Title: Tongcheng Subdistrict, Fuding

Tongcheng () is a subdistrict of the city of Fuding, Fujian, People's Republic of China.

Title: Xiapu County

Xiapu (; Foochow Romanized: Hà-puō) is a county in the municipal region of Ningde, Fujian, People's Republic of China, located along a stretch of East China Sea coast, with many harbours and islands. It is bordered by Fuding City and Zherong County to the north, Fu'an City and Ningde's urban area to the west, and—in Fuzhou City—Luoyuan County to the south.

Title: Taimushan Railway Station

Mount Taimu Railway Station () is a railway station located in Fuding City, Ningde, Fujian Province, China, on the Wenzhou-Fuzhou Railway operated by the Nanchang Railway Bureau, China Railway Corporation.

Title: Yingkou East Railway Station

Yingkou East Railway Station (IATA: YDD) is a railway station of Beijing–Harbin High-Speed Railway, in particular of both the Panjin–Yingkou and Harbin–Dalian sub-sections. It is located in Dashiqiao, in the Yingkou prefecture level city, in the Liaoning province of China.

Title: Bayuquan Railway Station

Bayuquan Railway Station (IATA: JYQ) is a railway station of the Harbin–Dalian section of the Beijing–Harbin High-Speed Railway. It is located in Bayuquan, in the Yingkou prefecture level city, in the Liaoning province of China.

Title: Mascogos

The Mascogos (also known as "negros mascagos") are an afrodescendant group in Coahuila, Mexico. Centered on the town of El Nacimiento in Múzquiz Municipality, the group are descendants of Black Seminoles escaping the threat of slavery in the United States.

Title: Dhoolpet

Dhoolpet is one of the old suburbs in Hyderabad, India. It is part of the old city of Hyderabad. This place is inhabited by people who migrated from Uttar Pradesh during the Nizam rule. The Nizam helped these people settle in this area. The area is notorious for bootlegging and has witnessed attacks on policemen or excise department officials during raids.

Title: Seminole music

Seminole music is the music of the Seminole people, an indigenous people of the Americas who formed in Florida in the 18th century. Today most live in Oklahoma, but a minority continue in Florida. They have three federally recognized tribes, and some people belong to bands outside those groups. Their traditional music includes extensive use of rattles, hand drums, water drums, and flutes.

Title: Seminole

The Seminole are a Native American people originally from Florida. Today, they principally live in Oklahoma with a minority in Florida, and comprise three federally recognized tribes: the Seminole Tribe of Oklahoma, the Seminole Tribe of Florida, and Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida, as well as independent groups. The Seminole nation emerged in a process of ethnogenesis from various Native American groups who settled in Florida in the 18th century, most significantly northern Muscogee (Creeks) from what is now Georgia and Alabama. The word "Seminole" is derived from the Creek word "simanó-li", which may be itself be derived from the Spanish word "cimarrón", menaning "runaway" or "wild one".

Title: Draining and development of the Everglades

The history of draining and development of the Everglades dates back to the 19th century. During the Second Seminole War beginning in 1836, the United States military's mission was to seek out Seminole people in the Everglades and capture or kill them. Those missions gave the military the opportunity to map land that seemed to frustrate and confound them at every turn. A national push for expansion and progress toward the latter part of the 19th century stimulated interest in draining the Everglades for agricultural use. According to historians, "From the middle of the nineteenth century to the middle of the twentieth century, the United States went through a period in which wetland removal was not questioned. Indeed, it was considered the proper thing to do."

Title: Muscogee language

The Muscogee language (Mvskoke in Muscogee), also known as Creek, Seminole, Maskókî or Muskogee, is a Muskogean language spoken by Muscogee (Creek) and Seminole people, primarily in the U.S. states of Oklahoma and Florida.

Title: Seminole County, Oklahoma

Seminole County is a county located in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,482. Its county seat is Wewoka. Before Oklahoma's admission as a state, the county was the entire small portion of Indian Territory allocated to the Seminole people, who were removed from Florida in the 1820s.

Title: Battle of Jupiter Inlet

The Battle of Jupiter Inlet occurred on January 15, 1838, between the Seminole Indians - Seminole Negro and the United States Navy. This was the first of a series of battles led by the US Navy in the area, also referred to as the First Battle of Loxahatchee. The battle started when Lt. Levin Powell led an expedition of 200 soldiers, sailors and marines, down the east coast of Florida. The Navy spotted a trail alongside the Jupiter Inlet, and seventy-five men were landed to find the Seminole camp nearby. The camp was led by Sam Jones, Ar-pi-uck-i, the spiritual medicine and war chief of the Miccosukee and Seminole people during the war. The officers that advanced on the camp were outnumbered and ambushed. After a long fight, the US retreated with five men killed in action and about twenty others wounded. Ltn. Powell was one of those killed in battle.

Title: Seminole Nation of Oklahoma

The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is a federally recognized Native American tribe based in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the largest of the three federally recognized Seminole governments, which include the Seminole Tribe of Florida and the Miccosukee Tribe of Indians of Florida. Its members are descendants of the 3,000 Seminoles who were forcibly removed from Florida to Indian Territory, along with 800 Black Seminoles, after the Second Seminole War. The Seminole Nation of Oklahoma is headquartered in Wewoka within Seminole County, Oklahoma. Of 18,800 enrolled tribal members, 13,533 live within the state of Oklahoma. The tribe began to revive its government in 1936 under the Indian Reorganization Act. While its reservation was originally larger, today the tribal jurisdictional area covers Seminole County, Oklahoma, within which it has a variety of properties.

Title: Black Seminoles

The Black Seminoles are black Indians associated with the Seminole people in Florida and Oklahoma. They are the descendants of free blacks and of escaped slaves (called maroons) who allied with Seminole groups in Spanish Florida. Historically, the Black Seminoles lived mostly in distinct bands near the Native American Seminole. Some were held as slaves of particular Seminole leaders; but they had more freedom than did slaves held by whites in the South and by other Native American tribes, including the right to bear arms.

Title: Karen Clark Sheard

Karen Clark-Sheard (born Karen Valencia Clark; November 15, 1960) also known as "The Maestris Of Gospel" is an American gospel four-time Grammy Award-winning singer, musician, and songwriter. The youngest daughter of pioneering gospel choral director Mattie Moss Clark, Sheard began her career as a member of the legendary Grammy Award-winning female gospel group The Clark Sisters. She is the mother of contemporary gospel singer and actress Kierra "Kiki" Sheard.

Title: David Huntsinger

David Huntsinger is a pianist, composer, songwriter, and arranger who moved from his native California to Nashville, TN, in 1976 and played for the Rambos. He co-wrote the song, "Holy Spirit, Thou Art Welcome", with Dottie Rambo, as well as the children’s musical, "Down By The Creek Bank". In 1979 he left the Rambos to pursue a career as a studio pianist. He wrote and arranged music for the 1989 Grammy-winning album "A Child’s Gift of Lullabyes", and arranged for and co-produced Andy Griffith’s 1996 Grammy-winning album, "I Love To Tell The Story: 25 Timeless Hymns". He has worked with many artists, such as Sandi Patti, Steve Green, Kathy Troccoli, Michael Crawford, Glen Campbell, Carman, Larnelle Harris, Johnny Cash and Dolly Parton. He toured with Vince Gill for a Christmas tour in 1999, and in 2001 for the Amy Grant/Vince Gill Christmas tour. He has also written a number of children’s musicals, as well as produced many albums of his own original works and arrangements. He played the piano for "An Unfinished Life", and contributed to two songs heard in "The Great Debaters". He arranged for and played piano in the 1997 Christmas album "Piano Winterlude" (Unison). He has done several projects for Discovery House Music. In 2010 he composed a number of pieces for a special 25th Anniversary concert for the international television network 3ABN called "Pillars of Our Faith".

Title: Just as I Am (Yolanda Adams album)

Just as I Am is the debut album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams, released on September 22, 1987 on the Sound of Gospel label and produced by Thomas Whitfield, who also worked with singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong on early 1980s gospel releases. Though original pressings of the vinyl and cassette release are difficult to find, the album has since been re-released on CD along with another catalog album from Sound of Gospel by Wanda Nero Butler entitled "New Born Soul".

Title: Andraé Crouch

Andraé Edward Crouch (July 1, 1942 – January 8, 2015) was an American gospel singer, songwriter, arranger, record producer and pastor. Referred to as "the father of modern gospel music" by contemporary Christian and gospel music professionals, Crouch was known for his compositions "The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power", "My Tribute (To God Be the Glory)" and "Soon and Very Soon". In secular music, he was known for his collaborative work during the 1980s and 1990s with Stevie Wonder, Elton John and Quincy Jones as well as conducting choirs that sang on the Michael Jackson hit "Man in the Mirror" and Madonna's "Like a Prayer". Crouch was noted for his talent of incorporating contemporary secular music styles into the gospel music he grew up with. His efforts in this area helped pave the way for early American contemporary Christian music during the 1960s and 1970s.

Title: J-Shin

Jonathan "J-Shin" Shinoster is a contemporary R&B/gospel singer born in Liberty City, Florida, who was signed to Slip-n-Slide Records/Atlantic Records and is best known for his hit single "One Night Stand" with LaTocha Scott of Xscape.

Title: Larnelle Harris

Larnelle Steward Harris (born July 6, 1947) is an American gospel singer and songwriter. During his 30-plus years of ministry, Harris has recorded 18 albums, won five Grammy Awards and 11 Dove Awards, and has had several number one songs on the inspirational music charts.

Title: Kierra Sheard

Kierra Valencia "Kiki" Sheard (born June 20, 1987 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American gospel singer, fashion designer, and radio host. She is the daughter of gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard (member of gospel singing group The Clark Sisters) and the granddaughter of gospel choral director Mattie Moss Clark. Sheard portrayed Litha in the 2010 Christian-drama film "Preacher's Kid". After appearing on her mother's albums, Sheard broke onto the music scene with the release of her debut album "I Owe You" in 2004. Her hit single "You Don't Know" was written about her mother's bout with an almost fatal blood clot.

Title: Charles Charamba

Charles Charamba (born 27 April 1971) is a Zimbabwean gospel musician and a pastor in the Apostolic Faith Mission Church of Zimbabwe. Charamba's albums have been the top selling gospel music in Zimbabwe since the early 2000s. He has toured both Great Britain and the United States, and throughout southern Africa. One of Charamba's most famous songs is “Machira Chete”. His wife, Olivia (née Maseko), is also a gospel singer, and appears with him on stage and on his albums; they are often called the "First Family of Gospel".

Title: Latice Crawford

Latice Crawford (born July 22, 1982 as Latice Tenae Crawford) is an American urban contemporary gospel singer and composer. She is best known for using her three-octave, contralto vocal range of to finish third on the second season of the competitive gospel singing television show "Sunday Best" on Black Entertainment Television. Her self-titled debut album reached two "Billboard" charts, the Top Gospel Albums and the Top Heatseekers. Her second album, "Diary of a Church Girl", also appeared on the Top Gospel Albums chart.

Title: Muyiwa Olarewaju

Muyiwa Olarewaju (born 26 November is a British Gospel singer and songwriter who mixes traditional gospel music with elements of world music (from Africa, the Caribbean and Asia), soul, R&B and pop. He is also an experienced performer, broadcaster and presenter. In 2009 he became the first-ever international act to perform on America's popular entertainment channel, BET, for the prestigious annual Celebration of Gospel show. He has presented the Turning Point programme to an estimated global audience of 70 million. With his group Riversongz, he sold out Indigo2 at the O2 in London, the first gospel act to do so, and he has played at the largest gospel music event in the world, The Experience, attracting a 500,000 strong audience.

Title: Tom Draper

Thomas Edward Draper (nicknamed "Drapes" or in Finland "Toppi") (born November 20, 1966 in Outremont, Quebec) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He was chosen in the eighth round, 165th overall,and the 8th pick by the Winnipeg Jets in the 1985 NHL Entry Draft. On February 28, 1991 the Jets traded Tom to the St. Louis Blues for future considerations. Which on May 24, 1991 turned out being for Jim Vesey and in the same contract he was traded back to the Winnipeg Jets. Then on June 22, 1991 the Buffalo Sabres acquired him from the Jets for the seventh round draft pick in the 1992 entry draft. On September 30, 1993 the Sabres traded him to the New York Islanders for a seventh round draft pick, Steve Plouffe in the 1994 entry draft. He then became a free agent and the Winnipeg Jets picked him up again on December 14, 1995.

Title: Robin Cole

Robin Cole, a former professional American football player, was born September 11, 1955 in Compton, California. He was the seventh of ten children born to Obediah and Georgia Mae Cole. He attended high school at Compton High, graduating in 1973. He furthered his education at the University of New Mexico where he became an All American and the first person to be a first round draft pick out of the University. He was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers, the 21st pick in the first round of the draft. At Pittsburgh, he was a part of the Steel Curtain defense, replacing Andy Russell as right outside linebacker. He played linebacker and defensive end for twelve seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers. He played in two Super Bowls - Super Bowl XIII and Super Bowl XIV. Mr. Cole was in the starting lineup in Super Bowl XIV in 1980 and was elected to the Pro Bowl in 1984. He was runner up for MVP in Super Bowl XIV. He played one season, 1988, with the New York Jets.

Title: Jeris White

Jeris Jerome White (born September 3, 1952) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for nine seasons for the Miami Dolphins, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Washington Redskins. He played football at Radford High School, Honolulu, Hawaii, and at the University of Hawaii. He was drafted by Miami in the second round of the 1974 NFL Draft. He is the first person from a Hawaii high and collegiate school to ever play in a Super Bowl. White was a holdout when the Redskins opened the 1983 season, so Washington replaced him with its first-round draft pick Darrell Green.

Title: Champ Bailey

Roland "Champ" Bailey Jr. (born June 22, 1978) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Georgia, where he earned consensus All-American honors, and was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round of the 1999 NFL Draft. He is the brother of former NFL linebacker Boss Bailey.

Title: Marc Parenteau

Marc Parenteau (born December 4, 1980 in Sherbrooke, Quebec) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman who last played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted 36th overall by the Ottawa Renegades in the 2003 CFL Draft. He was signed by the Saskatchewan Roughriders to a contract on February 12, 2007 and played for five seasons before being released on February 10, 2012. He was soon after signed by the Toronto Argonauts on February 13, 2012. Parenteau would go on to win the 100th Grey Cup with the Argonauts. On September 9, 2013, Parenteau was traded to the Winnipeg Blue Bombers, along with a 3rd round draft pick in 2014, in exchange for running back Anthony Woodson and a fifth round draft pick in 2014. He retired after 9 years in the CFL in January 2014 after winning 2 Grey Cups (2007 & 2012) and he is the only offensive lineman to ever score a touchdown in a Grey Cup game (2010). Before his CFL career, Marc was an All-Star (All Big East) lineman with the Boston College Eagles from 1999-2003. He continues to be a real estate sales representative in the Ottawa, ON area.

Title: Boss Bailey

Rodney "Boss" Bailey (born October 14, 1979) is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League. He was originally drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Georgia. He is the brother of former NFL cornerback Champ Bailey.

Title: LaRon Landry

LaRon Louis Landry (born October 14, 1984) is a former American football safety. He played college football for Louisiana State University (LSU), and earned consensus All-American honors. The Washington Redskins drafted him with the sixth overall pick in the 2007 NFL Draft. He also played for the New York Jets and Indianapolis Colts.

Title: Ron Snidow

Ronald Wayne Snidow (December 30, 1941 – May 17, 2009) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Browns. He attended San Rafael High School in California. He played college football at the University of Oregon. The Washington Redskins drafted Snidow in the third round of the 1963 NFL draft. After five seasons with the Redskins, he was traded to the Cleveland Browns in exchange for a second round draft choice, just prior to the opening of the 1968 season. Snidow was first-team All-Pro with the Browns in 1969. He appeared in 126 career regular season games. After suffering a broken leg while playing with the Browns, he retired at the end of the 1972 season, having played 10 years in the NFL. After retiring from the NFL, Snidow worked as a commercial real estate broker in Southern California, until he retired. In 2008, Snidow was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig's disease, which he died from a year later on May 17, 2009, while on a vacation cruise off the coast of Italy on the island of Elba.

Title: Anthony Woodson

Anthony Woodson (born January 7, 1988) is a professional Canadian football running back for the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted 29th overall by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in the 2010 CFL Draft and played for parts of two seasons with the club. On September 9, 2013, Woodson was traded to the Toronto Argonauts, along with a fifth round draft pick in 2014, in exchange for offensive lineman Marc Parenteau and a third round draft pick in 2014. He signed with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats as a free agent on February 11, 2015 and spent two years with the team before signing with his hometown Stampeders on February 17, 2017.

Title: Fred Hageman

Fred John Hageman (born June 30, 1937 in Bunkie, Louisiana) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins. He played college football at the University of Arkansas and University of Kansas, and was drafted in the 2nd round in 1959 by the Oakland Raiders but did not report and returned to Kansas to finish his undergraduate degree and play out his senior season where he was a 2 time All Big 8 selection as a center and middle linebacker. He was a Tri-Captain and played in 4 post season games including the College All-Star game with numerous All Americans. Was drafted in the 7th round of the 1960 NFL Draft by the New York Giants and was immediately traded to Washington for cash and a high draft pick. He was the "Tribe's" defensive leader and starting middle linebacker upon reporting to camp. He was a runner-up for Rookie of the Year as a middle linebacker and played more minutes than any other player in the NFL in 1961. After his first stellar season, he was moved to starting Center where he played at an elite level. He was traded to the Chicago Bears in 1965, where he was injured in a pre-season game. Although urged to return by many, Fred returned to Kansas and earned his master's degree in Education. He went on to a very successful business career. The "gentle giant" at a huge 6 foot 5 and 255 pounds of solid muscle with world class speed, Fred was named as Kansas University's "Center of the Century" and was named to its first team "All-Time KU Football Team" along with the likes of Gayle Sayers, John Hadl and other NFL greats. Known as "Pappy" to many, he led KU's team, to a #2 Ranking and a Big 8 Championship in 1960. Some believe the teams he led in 1959 and 1960, along with John Hadl, were the best in KU's history. Fred was enshrined in the Batesville, Arkansas Area Sports Hall of Fame in 1992. He was the first All-State Athlete at Batesville, H.S.

Title: 1988 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1988 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1988 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by second-year head coach Bobby Ross, and played their home games at Bobby Dodd Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia, the first season under that name after it was renamed in honor of the legendary Georgia Tech head coach. The team competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, finishing in last and failing to a win a conference game for the second consecutive season.

Title: 1987 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1987 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1987 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by first-year head coach Bobby Ross, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, the last season under that name before the stadium was renamed in honor of legendary Georgia Tech head coach Bobby Dodd. The team competed as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference, finishing in last and failing to a win a conference game.

Title: 1980 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1980 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1980 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by first-year head coach Bill Curry, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia. Georgia Tech struggled mightily under Curry, finishing with one of the worst records in Georgia Tech history with 1 win, 9 losses, and 1 tie. A major highlight was achieved, however, when the Yellow Jackets produced a 3–3 tie against the number one team in the country, the undefeated Notre Dame Fighting Irish.

Title: Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football

The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represents the Georgia Institute of Technology in the sport of American football. The Yellow Jackets team competes in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC). Georgia Tech has fielded a football team since 1892 and has an all-time record of 700–471–43 (a .594 winning percentage). The Yellow Jackets play in Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia, which has a capacity of 55,000. The Yellow Jackets have won four Division I-A college football national championships and fifteen conference titles.

Title: 1959 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1959 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1959 college football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by 15th-year head coach Bobby Dodd and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia. After winning their first four games of the season, three of which were victories over top ten opponents, Georgia Tech sat at #4 in the AP Poll. Georgia Tech's season was derailed by several close losses, however, and they finished the regular season unranked with a 6–4 record. They were invited to the Gator Bowl, where they lost to Southwest Conference co-champion Arkansas.

Title: Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball

The Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets men's basketball team represents the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in NCAA Division I basketball. The team plays its home games in McCamish Pavilion on the school's Atlanta campus and is currently coached by Josh Pastner. Under the tenure of Bobby Cremins, Georgia Tech established itself as a national force in basketball. Cremins led his team to the first ACC tournament victory in school history in 1985 and in 1990 he took Georgia Tech to the school's first Final Four appearance ever. Cremins retired from Georgia Tech in 2000 with the school's best winning percentage as a head coach. The Yellow Jackets returned to the Final Four in 2004 under Paul Hewitt and lost in the national title game, losing to UConn. Overall, the team has won 1,318 games and lost 1,176 games, a .528 win percentage.

Title: 1953 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1953 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1953 college football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by ninth-year head coach Bobby Dodd and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia. They finished second in the Southeastern Conference to Alabama, who had upset then-No. 5 Georgia Tech in Birmingham, giving the Yellow Jackets their first conference loss since 1950. The Yellow Jackets were invited to the 1954 Sugar Bowl, where they defeated West Virginia, 42–19.

Title: 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1964 college football season. The Yellow Jackets were led by 20th-year head coach Bobby Dodd, and played their home games at Grant Field in Atlanta, Georgia. They competed as independents for the first time since 1920, after dropping from the Southeastern Conference in 1963.

Title: Bobby Dodd Stadium

Bobby Dodd Stadium at Historic Grant Field is the football stadium located at the corner of North Avenue at Techwood Drive on the campus of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta. It has been home to the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team, often referred to as the "Ramblin' Wreck", in rudimentary form since 1905 and as a complete stadium since 1913. The team participates in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. It is the oldest stadium in the FBS and has been the site of more home wins than any other FBS stadium.

Title: 1990 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team

The 1990 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology in the 1990 NCAA Division I-A football season. The Jackets posted an undefeated 11–0–1 record. For the season the Yellow Jackets offense scored 379 points while the defense allowed 186 points. Highlights from the season included a nationally televised win over #1 Virginia on the road and a defeat of archrival Georgia for the second consecutive year. Georgia Tech capped off the season by defeating Nebraska, 45–21, in the Florida Citrus Bowl. Head coach Bobby Ross and the Yellow Jackets were awarded a share of the national championship, winning the UPI Poll title by one vote over Colorado, who won the AP Poll title.

Title: Enda Kenny

Enda Patrick Kenny (born 24 April 1951) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach from 2011 to 2017, Leader of Fine Gael from 2002 to 2017, Minister for Defence from May 2014 to July 2014 and 2016 to 2017, Leader of the Opposition from 2002 to 2011, Minister for Tourism and Trade from 1994 to 1997 and Minister of State for Youth Affairs from 1986 to 1987. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 1975, currently for the Mayo constituency.

Title: Fine Gael leadership election, 2017

The 2017 Fine Gael leadership election was triggered in May 2017, when Enda Kenny resigned as party leader. Voting began by members of Fine Gael and Young Fine Gael on 29 May 2017. On 2 June Leo Varadkar was announced as the victor, beating rival Simon Coveney 60% to 40%. With Fine Gael being the governing party at the time, this election effectively appointed a new Taoiseach for Ireland.

Title: Leader of Fine Gael

The Leader of Fine Gael is the most senior politician within the Fine Gael political party in Ireland. Since 2 June 2017, the office had been held by Leo Varadkar following the resignation of Enda Kenny.

Title: John Bruton

John Gerard Bruton (born 18 May 1947) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach from 1994 to 1997, European Union Ambassador to the United States from 2004 to 2009, Leader of Fine Gael from 1990 to 2001, Leader of the Opposition from 1990 to 1994 and 1997 to 2001, Minister for the Public Service from January 1987 to March 1987, Minister for Finance from 1981 to 1982 and 1986 to 1987, Minister for Industry, Trade, Commerce and Tourism from 1983 to 1986, Minister for Industry and Energy from 1982 to 1983, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Education and Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry and Commerce from 1973 to 1977. He served as a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1969 to 2004.

Title: Leo Varadkar

Leo Eric Varadkar ( ; Irish: "Leo de Varad" ;born 18 January 1979) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach, Minister for Defence and Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 2007, currently for the Dublin West constituency. He previously served as Minister for Social Protection from 2016 to 2017, Minister for Health from 2014 to 2016 and Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport from 2011 to 2014.

Title: Paddy O'Toole

Paddy J. O'Toole (born 15 January 1938) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician. He was nominated by the Taoiseach Liam Cosgrave to the 13th Seanad Éireann in 1973. He was first elected to Dáil Éireann on his second attempt at the 1977 general election as a Fine Gael Teachta Dála for Mayo East. O'Toole was just one of a handful of new Fine Gael TDs in what has gone down in history as the biggest landslide election victory for Jack Lynch's Fianna Fáil party.

Title: James Reilly (Irish politician)

James Reilly (born 16 August 1955) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and medical doctor. Between the February 2016 general election and the 6 May 2016 formation of a new government, he was the Acting Minister for Children and Youth Affairs, having held that ministry since July 2014 in the previous government, and was also deputy leader of Fine Gael from 2010 to 2017. He was the Minister for Health from March 2011 to July 2014. Reilly was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency since the 2007 general election until he lost his seat in the 2016 general election. Reilly was nominated by Taoiseach Enda Kenny to Seanad Éireann in May 2016. James Reilly was re-appointed as deputy leader of Fine Gael on 4 July 2016.

Title: Frances Fitzgerald (politician)

Frances Mary Fitzgerald (born 1 August 1950) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Tánaiste since May 2016 and Minister for Enterprise and Innovation since June 2017. She has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 2011 and previously between 1992 and 2002, currently for the Dublin Mid-West constituency. She previously served as Minister for Justice and Equality from 2014 to 2016, Minister for Children and Youth Affairs from 2011 to 2014, Leader of the Opposition in the Seanad and Leader of Fine Gael in the Seanad from 2007 to 2011. She was a Senator for the Labour Panel from 2007 to 2011.

Title: Simon Coveney

Simon Anthony Coveney (born 16 June 1972) is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Minister for Foreign Affairs and Trade and Deputy Leader of Fine Gael since June 2017. He has been a Teachta Dála (TD) since 1998, currently for the Cork South-Central constituency. He previously served as Minister for Housing, Planning, Community and Local Government from 2016 to 2017, Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine from 2011 to 2016 and Minister for Defence from 2014 to 2016. He served as Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the South constituency from 2004 to 2007.

Title: Liam Cosgrave

William Michael "Liam" Cosgrave (born 13 April 1920) is a former Irish Fine Gael politician who served as Taoiseach from 1973 to 1977 and the Leader of the Fine Gael Party from 1965 to 1977. He served as Leader of the Opposition from 1965 to 1973, Minister for External Affairs from 1954 to 1957, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Industry and Commerce and Government Chief Whip from 1948 to 1951. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) from 1943 to 1981.

Title: Johnny Angel Wendell

Johnny Angel Wendell is an American writer, musician, and radio talk show host. He is married and lives in Los Angeles with his two sons. Once a resident of Massachusetts, he is now a Los Angeles Weekly columnist, Wendell is the host of KTLK-AM 1150's "Southern California Live with Johnny Wendell". Wendell is also a regular on KFI-AM640.

Title: Johnny Angel

Johnny Angel is a 1945 film noir directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by Frank Gruber and Steve Fisher from the novel "Mr. Angel Comes Aboard" by Charles Gordon Booth. The movie stars George Raft, Claire Trevor and Signe Hasso, and features Hoagy Carmichael.

Title: Shelley Fabares

Michele Ann Marie Fabares ( ; born January 19, 1944) is an American actress and singer, known professionally as Shelley Fabares. She is best-known for her roles as Donna Reed's daughter Mary Stone on "The Donna Reed Show" (1958–1963), and as Hayden Fox's love interest (and eventual wife) Christine Armstrong on the sitcom "Coach" (1989–1997). She was Elvis Presley's co-star in three films. In 1962, her recording of "Johnny Angel" reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.

Title: Cool from the Wire

Cool from the Wire is the major-label debut album from American hard rock band Dirty Looks. It was released in 1988 on Atlantic Records. It includes the song "Oh Ruby", that received airplay on rock stations. "It’s Not the Way You Rock" was used in the film Johnny Be Good, and appeared on its soundtrack. The album peaked #134 in "Billboard" 200.

Title: William D. Russell (director)

William D. Russell (April 30, 1908 - April, 1968) was an American film and television director. Born in Indianapolis, Indiana on April 30, 1908, he began his Hollywood career with the 1945 film "Hollywood Victory Caravan". His career in film ended with his last film, 1951's "Best of the Badmen". In the early fifties he began directing for television with Screen Gems, and his many credits include episodes of "Father Knows Best" (he was with the show from 1954 to 1956), "Dennis the Menace", "Perry Mason", "Hazel", "Bewitched", "the Farmer's Daughter" and "Family Affair". Russell was nominated for three Emmys, first for "You Are There" in 1953, second for "the Farmer's Daughter" in 1964, and later for "Family Affair" in 1967. His directorial career ended shortly before his death in April 1968.

Title: Johnny Lee Clary

Johnny Lee Clary (June 18, 1959 – October 21, 2014) was an American man who served as a Ku Klux Klan leader before he became a Pentecostal Christian, traveling around the world preaching the gospel and teaching against racism and hate groups such as the Ku Klux Klan, Neo Nazis, and the Aryan Nations. Clary was also known as professional wrestler Johnny Angel who had success in the 1980s in the National Wrestling Federation (NWF).

Title: Gösta Prüzelius

Karl Gösta Prüzelius (11 August 1922 – 15 May 2000) was a Swedish actor. His first film part was in the 1945 film Flickorna i Småland. He played in films as diverse as "Summer with Monika", "Space Invasion of Lapland", "Fanny and Alexander", and Ingmar Bergman's film version of "The Magic Flute" (1975). He also provided the Swedish voice for Bagheera in Disney's "The Jungle Book" (1967), and played the policeman Klöverhage in a number of the Åsa-Nisse films.

Title: George Raft

George Raft (born George Ranft; September 26, 1901 – November 24, 1980) was an American film actor and dancer identified with portrayals of gangsters in crime melodramas of the 1930s and 1940s. A stylish leading man in dozens of movies, today Raft is mostly known for his gangster roles in the original "Scarface" (1932), "Each Dawn I Die" (1939), and Billy Wilder's 1959 comedy "Some Like it Hot", as a dancer in "Bolero" (1934), and a truck driver in "They Drive by Night" (1940).

Title: Johnny Angel (song)

"Johnny Angel" is a song written and composed by Lyn Duddy and Lee Pockriss. The song was originally recorded by both Laurie Loman and Georgia Lee, however these two versions were not successful. It first became a popular hit single in 1962 when covered by Shelley Fabares who took it to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 Chart. British singer Patti Lynn had a moderate hit with her cover of "Johnny Angel" the same year on the UK Singles Chart. The American pop music duo The Carpenters also covered "Johnny Angel" in 1973 as part of a medley of oldies on side two of their album "Now & Then".

Title: Claudia Drake

Claudia Drake (January 30, 1918 – October 19, 1997) was an American actress and singer. She appeared in a number of B Movies in a mixture of leading and supporting roles. She starred in the 1945 film noir "Detour".

Title: Sumie Tanaka

Sumie Tanaka ("田中澄江"; April 11, 1908—March 1, 2000) was a Japanese screenwriter and playwright born in Tokyo. She was most well known for her long collaboration with film director Mikio Naruse and for writing screenplays for Japan's first major female director Kinuyo Tanaka. Member of the Bungakuza theatre company, she was married to playwright and dramatist Chikao Tanaka. The screenplays she wrote for Repast ("めし", Meshi; 1951), Home Sweet Home ("我が家は楽し ", Wa ga ya wa tanoshi; 1951), and Record of Youth ("少年期 ", Shonenki; 1951) won her the Blue Ribbon Award for Best Screenplay in 1951.

Title: Michael Wynne (playwright)

Michael Wynne is an English playwright born in Birkenhead on 3 August 1972. While reading for a Politics degree in London, he entered a competition for new young writers run by the Royal Court Theatre. He won this with his first play "The Knocky" - an award-winning comedy, set on a Birkenhead council estate. It was produced at the Royal Court in 1995 and subsequently performed at Liverpool's Everyman Theatre in 1997. In 2010, Wynne won the Olivier Award for Best New Comedy for "The Priory". In 2011, Wynne wrote the BBC Christmas show, "Lapland". A series was later announced, entitled "Being Eileen", again written by Wynne, which began to air on 4 February 2013.

Title: James Roland MacLaren

James Roland MacLaren (1839–1912) was a British actor and playwright born on 10 June 1839 in Bonhill, Scotland to Archibald MacLaren and Anne McIntyre. The family later moved to Liverpool, where James Roland MacLaren first took to the stage, appearing second to Barry Sullivan, the well known Victorian actor. He subsequently went to Sunderland with Alfred Davis where he took over the New Royal Lyceum Theatre (now demolished). It was here with MacLaren that the actor Sir Henry Irving made his first stage appearances before moving to London where he later became famous as the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Count Dracula. For some thirty years MacLaren was renowned in the north east of England as an actor in stock companies, a noted recitalist and a playwright. He usually played heavy villain roles and was popular amongst the audience as the 'traitor'.

Title: Three Men on a Horse

Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. The comedy focuses on a man who discovers he has a talent for choosing the winning horse in a race as long as he never places a bet himself.

Title: DeObia Oparei

DeObia Oparei (born 1971), also credited as Dhobi Oparei and Deobia Operei, is an English actor and playwright born in London, known for his role as the Gunner in "" and as Thundarian in "Your Highness". His parents are of Nigerian ancestry.

Title: Finn Iunker

Finn Iunker (born 27 March 1969) is a Norwegian playwright born in Arendal. He lives in Oslo.

Title: Jeffrey Stanley

Jeffrey Stanley (born September 3, 1967) is a playwright born in Roanoke, Virginia. He began writing in elementary school, and graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts Undergraduate Film Program and Graduate Dramatic Writing Program. He was also a guest at Yaddo, a Copeland Fellow at Amherst College, and a 2014-15 Amtrak Residency for Writers recipient. He was a 2011-12 PDC playwright-in-residence at Philadelphia's Plays and Players Theatre.

Title: Lenelle Moïse

Lenelle Moïse (born 1980) is a poet, actress and playwright born in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. Currently based in the United States, she performs at colleges throughout the country, presenting work about race, gender, class, immigration and sexuality. Her spoken word CD "Madivinez" won the 2007 Patchwork Majority Radio Album Award for Best Solo Album. Moïse was a member of the permanent ensemble cast in the Culture Project's premiere production of "Rebel Voices", a play by Rob Urbinati based on Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove's book "Voices of a People's History of the United States." In 2008, she developed a two-person vocal musical about art, infamy and race called "EXPATRIATE", also at the Culture Project, in which she co-starred with Karla Cheatham-Mosley. When she was a junior at Ithaca College, Lenelle co-wrote "Sexual Dependency", a feature film by Bolivian filmmaker Rodrigo Bellot who was a schoolmate at the time. The film went on to win the International Film Critics' Award at the Locarno International Film Festival in Switzerland. Moïse also wrote and starred in Mara Alper's short experimental video "To Erzulie" which premiered at the Berlin Sommerfest der Literaturen in July 2002. She has completed her own experimental shorts "Blue Passersby Eyes" and "Atlantic Soul." Her homemade music video "Pied Piper" was an official selection of the International Museum of Women 2007 Online Film Festival. Her essays and poems are published in a number of anthologies, most recently "Word Warriors: 35 Women Leaders of the Spoken Word Revolution" (Seal Press). Her debut book "Haiti Glass" (City Lights Publishers, April 2014), part of the Sister Spit series, is a collection of verse and prose. She experiments with collage as a form of meditative practice and nonlinear storytelling.

Title: Bertha Runkle

Bertha Runkle (1879–1958) was an American novelist and playwright born in Berkeley Heights, New Jersey. From a literary family, she wrote five novels. Her first and best known, "The Helmet of Navarre", was made into a Broadway play.

Title: George Abbott

George Francis Abbott (June 25, 1887 – January 31, 1995) was an American theater producer and director, playwright, screenwriter, and film director and producer whose career spanned nine decades.

Title: Howard Graham Buffett

Howard Graham Buffett (born December 16, 1954) is an American businessman, former politician, philanthropist, photographer, farmer, and conservationist. He is the middle child of billionaire investor Warren Buffett. He is named after Howard Buffett, his grandfather, and Benjamin Graham, Warren Buffett's favorite professor.

Title: George D. Buffett

George Duval Buffett (November 19, 1928 – October 13, 2012) was an American politician who was a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1979 to 2002. Buffett attended University of New Mexico and was a businessman. He died in 2012. He was an arch-conservative state representative, owner of Buffett's Candy and cousin of Warren Buffett.

Title: TaeguTec

TaeguTec Ltd. (Korean: 대구텍), formerly known as Korea Tungsten Company, is a multinational corporation headquartered in Daegu, Korea. It is the largest cutting tools manufacturer in the Far East, also Korea's largest manufacturer of tungsten cutting tools and hard metal tools with the only integrated tungsten production plant in the world. TaeguTec group has 26 overseas subsidiaries and over 130 distributors and 30 agents in 50 countries across Europe, Asia, Australia, and the American countries. Considered as the world's oldest manufacturer of tungsten and related products, the group has earned reputation for its excellent global marketing and large production capacity worldwide. In addition to the initial 80 per cent stake purchased in 2006, Warren Buffett paid additional 2 billion dollars for the remaining stake in IMC, of which TaeguTec was a part. Through this acquisition, TaeguTec became Berkshire Hathaway's first and only wholly owned subsidiary in Korea. On October 25, 2007, Buffett flew to Daegu to tour TaeguTec and to meet with the management. On March 21, 2011, Warren Buffett re-visited the firm to attend TaeguTec Plant 2 inauguration ceremony and later met with Korean President Lee Myung-bak.

Title: Warren Buffett

Warren Edward Buffett ( ; born August 30, 1930) is an American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist. Buffett serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Berkshire Hathaway. He is considered by some to be one of the most successful investors in the world, and as of August 2017 is the second wealthiest person in the United States, and the fourth wealthiest in the world, with a total net worth of $76.9 billion.

Title: Buffett Foundation

The Buffett Foundation is a charitable organization formed by Omaha, Nebraska investor and industrialist Warren Buffett as a vehicle to manage his charitable giving. It was renamed Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation in honor of his wife Susan Buffett when she died in 2004.

Title: Howard Warren Buffett

Howard Warren Buffett (born October 14, 1983) is an American public relations professor, political advisor, and philanthropist. He serves as faculty member at Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs and was previously the executive director of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation that funds initiatives aimed at improving the standard of living and quality of life for the world’s most impoverished and marginalized populations. He previously led agriculture-based economic stabilization and redevelopment programs in Iraq and Afghanistan while at the United States Department of Defense, and as a policy advisor in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President Barack Obama.

Title: Susan Buffett

Susan Thompson Buffett (June 15, 1932 – July 29, 2004), the first wife of investor Warren Buffett, was active in civil rights, abortion rights and population control causes. She was a director of Berkshire Hathaway, owning 2.2 percent (worth US$3 billion in 2004) of the company at the time of her death. She was the 153rd richest person in the world. She was president of the Buffett Foundation, which has contributed millions of dollars to educational groups, medical research, population-control groups and other charities.

Title: Susan Alice Buffett

Susan Alice Buffett (born July 30, 1953) is the daughter of Warren Buffett. She is also an American philanthropist, her charitable work has focused largely on the Sherwood Foundation, formerly known as the Susan A. Buffett Foundation, an organization in Omaha that provides grants in public education, human services and social justice in the interest of promoting the welfare of children from lower-income families. She is also on the boards of the Buffett Foundation and Girls, Inc. According to a 2010 interview with her brother Howard Graham Buffett, Buffett's philanthropic focus has consistently remained on children, education and family issues, but she has also committed to other causes, including Debt, AIDS, Trade, Africa, a non-governmental organization dedicated to various improvements in Africa.

Title: The Warren Buffett Way

The Warren Buffett Way, a book by author Robert Hagstrom, outlines the principles of value investing practiced by successful investor Warren Buffett.

Title: Owner earnings

Owner earnings is a valuation method detailed by Warren Buffett in 1986. He stated that the value of a company is simply the total of the net cash flows (owner earnings) expected to occur over the life of the business, minus any reinvestment of earnings.

Title: 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy Final

The 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy (officially known as Wills International Cup, also known as Mini World Cup) was a One Day International (ODI) cricket tournament held in Bangladesh. It was the first tournament apart from the World Cups to involve all Test playing nations. The winners of the Knock-out stage—India, South Africa, Sri Lanka and Indies—reached the semi-finals. South Africa made their way to the final by defeating Sri Lanka in the first semi-final by 92 runs; the match was reduced to 39 overs per innings due to rain. In the second semi-final, West Indies defeated India by six wickets, and qualified for the final.

Title: Zaheer Khan

Zaheer Khan (born 7 October 1978) is a former Indian cricketer who played all forms of the game for Indian national cricket team from 2000 till 2014. He was the second-most successful Indian pace bowler in Test cricket, behind Kapil Dev.

Title: 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy squads

These were the eleven squads (all Test nations and two ODI nations) picked to take part in the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy, the second installment of the Champions Trophy cricket tournament. The tournament was held in Kenya from 3 to 15 October 2000. In the preliminary quarter finals, two ODI full-status teams Kenya and Zimbabwe played with India and Sri Lanka respectively, and India and Sri Lanka won their matches convincingly. In third preliminary quarter final, England beat Bangladesh to secure his position in Knockout Tournament. New Zealand won the second edition of the ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating India in the final by four wickets, which was their first ICC event to be won.

Title: 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy

The 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was a One Day International cricket tournament held in Kenya (which helped to booster cricket in Kenya). New Zealand were crowned champions and cashed the winner's cheque of US$250 000. It was their first win in a major ICC tournament. Zaheer Khan, Yuvraj Singh and Marlon Samuels made their ODI debuts during the competition.

Title: Lindum Sports Club Ground

Lindum Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Lincoln, Lincolnshire. The first recorded match on the ground was in 1861, when Lincolnshire played an All-England Eleven. Lincolnshire played their first Minor Counties Championship match at the ground in 1907 against Staffordshire. Lincolnshire used the ground during a number of periods during the 21st century, playing their final Minor Counties Championship match at the ground in 2000 against Cumberland. The first MCCA Knockout Trophy watch played the ground saw Lincolnshire play Bedfordshire in 1996. From 1996 to 2007, the ground held 4 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches, with the final match played on the ground to date against Lincolnshire and Staffordshire.

Title: Guy Randall-Johnson

Guy Philip Randall-Johnson (born 8 December 1959) is a former English cricketer and umpire from Crediton, Devon. Randall-Johnson initially played Minor counties cricket for Devon between 1987 and 1991. In 1993, Randall-Johnson first stood as an umpire in a Minor Counties Championship match between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties. Two years later he stood in his first MCCA Knockout Trophy match, played between Cornwall and Devon. He stood in his first List A match in the 1999 NatWest Trophy played between the Somerset Cricket Board and Bedfordshire. Between 1999 and 2003 he stood in 7 List A matches, the last of which he stood was between Dorset and Buckinghamshire in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was held in 2003. Randall-Johnson stood as an umpire in Minor counties cricket until 2008, by which time he had stood in 54 Minor Counties Championship matches and 25 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. He made headlines in 2006 for walking out of a Minor Counties Championship match after being on the receiving end of abuse from Berkshire players after he gave Berkshire captain Julian Wood out LBW. After not getting an apology from the players, he walked out of the game, with others having to deputise for him.

Title: 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy squads

These were the nine squads (all Test nations) picked to take part in the 1998 ICC KnockOut Trophy, the first installment of the Champions Trophy cricket tournament. The tournament was held in Bangladesh from 24 October to 2 November 1998. Teams could name a preliminary squad of 30, but only 14-man squads were permitted for the actual tournament, one month before the start of the tournament. In the knockout tournament, New Zealand and Zimbabwe were the only teams to play a pre-quarter final match. New Zealand won the match and qualified for the quarter-final where they faced Sri Lanka. South Africa won the inaugural edition of the ICC KnockOut Trophy by defeating West Indies in the final by four wickets.

Title: Sam Davies (cricketer)

Davies made his 2nd XI debut for Glamorgan vs MCC young cricketers and has to date made over 25 appearances for the county. He later made his Test Match debut for Wales Minor Counties against Lincolnshire in the 2009 MCCA Knockout Trophy. His Minor Counties Championship debut came in the same season against Shropshire. To date he has made fourteen Minor Counties Championship and ten MCCA Knockout Trophy appearances. While studying for a degree in Sports Coaching at the University of Wales Institute, Cardiff, Davies made his debut in first-class cricket for Cardiff MCCU against Somerset in 2012 at Taunton Vale Sports Club Ground, making scores of 42 and 14.

Title: Peter Kingston-Davey

Peter William Kingston-Davey (22 October 1940) is a former English cricket umpire from Tiverton, Devon. In 1995, Kingston-Davey first stood as an umpire in a Minor Counties Championship match between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties. Two years later he stood in his first MCCA Knockout Trophy match, played between Dorset and Wales Minor Counties. He stood in his first List A match in the 1999 NatWest Trophy played between Devon and Berkshire. Between 1999 and 2003 he stood in 5 List A matches, the last of which he stood in was between Devon and Suffolk in the 1st round of the 2004 Cheltenham & Gloucester Trophy which was held in 2003. Peter-Kingston stood as an umpire in Minor counties cricket until 2006, by which time he had stood in 39 Minor Counties Championship matches and 15 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches.

Title: Digswell Park

Digswell Park is a cricket ground in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire. The first recorded match on the ground was in 1866 between The Node and Southgate. In 2000, the ground hosted its only Minor Counties Championship match to date, which was between Hertfordshire and Cambridgeshire. In 2003, the ground hosted 2 MCCA Knockout Trophy matches. Hertfordshire resumed their usage of Digswell Park and have to date played 4 further MCCA Knockout Trophy matches on the ground.

Title: 413th Flight Test Squadron

The 413th Flight Test Squadron is part of the 96th Test Wing and is based at Duke Field, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. It performs flight testing on C-130 Hercules, CV-22 Osprey, MH-53 Pave Low, UH-1 Iroquois, and HH-60 Pave Hawk aircraft.

Title: 415th Flight Test Flight

The 415th Flight Test Flight is a United States Air Force reserve squadron. It is assigned to the 413th Flight Test Group of Air Force Reserve Command, stationed at Randolph Field, Joint Base San Antonio, Texas.

Title: 10th Flight Test Squadron

The 10th Flight Test Squadron is part of the 413th Flight Test Group of Air Force Materiel Command based at Tinker Air Force Base, Oklahoma. It performs acceptance testing on refurbished Rockwell B-1 Lancer, Boeing B-52 Stratofortress, Boeing E-3 Sentry, and Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft before they are returned to their units.

Title: 514th Flight Test Squadron

The 514th Flight Test Squadron (514 FLTS) is a United States Air Force squadron. It is assigned to the Ogden Air Logistics Center (OO-ALC), Air Force Materiel Command, stationed at Hill Air Force Base, Utah.

Title: Hill Air Force Base

Hill Air Force Base (IATA: HIF, ICAO: KHIF, FAA LID: HIF) is a major U.S. Air Force base located in northern Utah, just south of the city of Ogden, and near the towns of Clearfield, Riverdale, Roy, Sunset, and Layton. It is about 30 mi north of Salt Lake City. The base was named in honor of Major Ployer Peter Hill of the U.S. Army Air Corps, who died test-flying a prototype of the B-17 Flying Fortress bomber. In this decade Hill AFB is still the sixth-largest employer in the state of Utah, and the third-largest one excluding the State Government and Higher Education employers.

Title: 419th Flight Test Squadron

The 419th Flight Test Squadron is a United States Air Force squadron. It is assigned to the 412th Operations Group, Air Force Materiel Command, stationed at Edwards Air Force Base, California.

Title: 370th Flight Test Squadron

The 370th Flight Test Squadron is a United States Air Force unit assigned to the 413th Flight Test Group, stationed at Edwards Air Force Base, California.

Title: 339th Flight Test Squadron

The 339th Flight Test Squadron is a United States Air Force unit based at Robins Air Force Base, Georgia. It is part of the Warner Robins Air Logistics Center, with a mission to certify aircraft as worthy to return to service. The squadron is responsible for conducting flight tests on the Lockheed C-130 Hercules, the Lockheed C-5 Galaxy and McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle after program depot maintenance is completed.

Title: Randy Travis

Randy Bruce Traywick (born May 4, 1959), better known by his stage name, Randy Travis, is an American country music singer, songwriter, guitarist, and actor. Since 1985, he has recorded 20 studio albums and charted more than 50 singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, and 16 of these were number-one hits. Considered a pivotal figure in the history of country music, Travis broke through in the mid-1980s with the release of his album "Storms of Life", which sold more than four million copies. The album established him as a major force in the Neotraditional country movement. Travis followed up his successful debut with a string of platinum and multi-platinum albums. He is known for his distinctive baritone vocals, delivered in a traditional style that has made him a country music star since the 1980s.

Title: Based on a True Story...

Based on a True Story… is the eighth studio album by American country music artist Blake Shelton. It was released on March 26, 2013 via Warner Bros. Records and debuted at #3 with a career best for Shelton at nearly 200,000 sold. The album became the ninth best-selling album of 2013 in the US, earning Shelton a Platinum certification by the RIAA on September 30, 2013. In 2016, "Based on a True Story…" was certified double-platinum by the RIAA.

Title: My Eyes (Blake Shelton song)

"My Eyes" is a song recorded by American country music artist Blake Shelton featuring Gwen Sebastian. It was released in April 2014 as the fifth single from his seventh studio album, "Based on a True Story...". The song was written by Andrew Dorff, Tommy Lee James and Josh Osborne.

Title: Gruhn Guitars

Gruhn Guitars is a musical instrument shop and place of interest located in Nashville, Tennessee. Vintage instruments comprise a large portion of its inventory, but it also features new instruments from factories and independent luthiers. It is a mecca for rock stars and well-heeled collectors. The business opened on January 2, 1970. It won a lot of new business and national attention after Visa featured it in 1992 in a TV commercial. George Gruhn is the world’s leading expert on vintage American guitars and related instruments, according to Walter Carter, historian and archivist for the Gibson Guitar Company. The shop was originally called GTR, which stood for George Gruhn, Tut Taylor and Randy Wood; a story has circulated that country music star Hank Williams, Jr. encouraged Gruhn to go into business. The store is located right by the stage door of the Ryman Auditorium, the home of the Grand Ole Opry. On December 31, 2006, Garrison Keillor, for his New Year's Show at Ryman Auditorium for PBS' "Great Performances" visited Gruhn Guitars with Vince Gill before the start of the show. Garrison Keiller's New Year's Eve Special Gill told a story about buying some of his guitars at Gruhn's. "Gruhn's customer's have included the likes of Duane Allman, Mark Knopfler, Conan O'Brien, Robert Plant and Eric Clapton.

Title: Keyed Up

Keyed Up is the fifteenth studio album by country music star Ronnie Milsap, released in 1983. It featured the No. 5 country chart hit "Stranger in My House", plus the No. 1 country hits "Don't You Know How Much I Love You" and "Show Her."

Title: Stranger in the House (song)

"Stranger in the House" is a song composed by Elvis Costello. Costello recorded the song as a duet with country music star George Jones in the summer of 1978 for Jones' 1979 album "My Very Special Guests". Costello also recorded a solo version recorded at a John Peel session on October 1978 which surfaced as a free 7" single with the first copies of his second album "This Year's Model" in the United Kingdom. According to Holly Jones-Warren's liner notes to the 2005 Legacy Records reissue of "My Very Special Guests", Costello wrote the song specifically with Jones in mind, with the new wave star stating, "George Jones was my guiding light whenever I wrote in the country idiom."

Title: This Is Me (Randy Travis album)

This Is Me is the ninth studio album by country music star Randy Travis, and was released on April 26, 1994 by Warner Bros.. Producer Kyle Lehning, Travis, and A&R Martha Sharp considered more than 1,000 songs before settling on the final ten. The tracks "Before You Kill Us All", "Whisper My Name", "This Is Me", and "The Box" were all released as singles, peaking at #2, #1, #5, and #8, respectively, on the "Billboard" country music charts. "Small Y'all" was later recorded by George Jones on his 1998 album "It Don't Get Any Better Than This".

Title: Country Music Star No. 1

Country Music Star No. 1 contains recordings of a prestardom Glen Campbell, which were made around 1960–1961. This album, just like the other Starday album Country Soul, was released after Campbell rose to international fame with hits including "Gentle on My Mind", "By the Time I Get to Phoenix" and "Wichita Lineman". Campbell sued against these releases but eventually settled with Starday.

Title: Christy Sutherland

Christy Sutherland (born April 9, 1976) is a Nashville country music and praise/worship singer-songwriter. Signed to Epic Records in 2004, she charted the single "Freedom" on the Hot Country Songs charts. She is married to Kenneth Matthew Dudney, son of Country music star, Barbara Mandrell. The two were wed on July 14, 2006 during a private ceremony at Mandrell's private home. Dudney currently works as tour and business manager for Sutherland.

Title: Old 8×10

Old 8×10 is the third studio album by country music star Randy Travis. It was released on July 12, 1988 by Warner Bros. Records Nashville. The album produced the singles "Honky Tonk Moon", "Deeper Than the Holler", "Is It Still Over", and "Promises". All of these except "Promises" reached Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts in the late 1980s. The German edition of the album (the first Randy Travis release in that country) contained the bonus track "Forever and Ever, Amen". In January 1990, Old 8×10 earned Travis three American Music Awards for 'Favorite Country Male Artist', 'Favorite Country Album', and 'Favorite Country Single' (Deeper Than the Holler).

Title: Flaming Feather

Flaming Feather is a 1952 Technicolor Western film directed by Ray Enright and starring Sterling Hayden. The film was shot on location around Oak Creek Canyon near Sedona, AZ, and at the Montezuma Castle National Monument near Sedona. The local Yavapai Indians, who were employed as extras on the production, refused to enter the cliff-dwellings because they represented the "dwelling place of the dead." Consequently, production was delayed while a band of Navajos was brought in from a reservation 137 miles away to replace them.

Title: Château de Druyes

Château de Druyes is a medieval castle located in Druyes-les-Belles-Fontaines in Yonne,  Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. It was built in the 12th century by the Counts of Nevers, and remained in their possession until the 18th century. It was as much a noble residence as it was a fortified castle. It was a frequented dwelling place of Peter II of Courtenay, the Emperor of Constantinople in the 13th century, and his daughter Matilda, Countess of Nevers, Auxerre and Tonnerre.

Title: Heaven in Judaism

Shamayim (שָׁמַיִם), the Hebrew word for "heaven" (literally "heavens", plural), denotes one component of the three-part cosmos, the other elements being "erets" (the earth) and "sheol" (the underworld). "Shamayim" is the dwelling place of God and other heavenly beings, "erets" is the home of the living, and "sheol" is the realm of the dead, including, in post-Hebrew Bible literature (including the Christian New Testament), the abode of the righteous dead.

Title: Montezuma Castle National Monument

Montezuma Castle National Monument protects a set of well-preserved dwellings located in Camp Verde, Arizona which were built and used by the Sinagua people, a pre-Columbian culture closely related to the Hohokam and other indigenous peoples of the southwestern United States, between approximately 1100 and 1425 AD. The main structure comprises five stories and twenty rooms, and was built over the course of three centuries.

Title: Andlang

In Norse mythology, Andlang (also Andlàngr or Öndlangr) is described as the second heavenly realm which stretches between the first, containing the halls of the gods, and the third, named Vídbláin. In all there are nine heavens according to Snorri. Andlang will serve as a shelter and dwelling place for the souls of the dead during and after the destruction of Ragnarök.

Title: Tabernacle

The Tabernacle (Hebrew: מִשְׁכַּן‎ ‎ , "mishkan", "residence" or "dwelling place"), according to the Hebrew Bible, was the portable earthly dwelling place of God amongst the children of Israel from the time of the Exodus from Egypt through the conquering of the land of Canaan. Built of woven layers of curtains along with 48 boards clad with polished gold standing like vertical blinds held in place by 5 bars per side with the middle bar shooting through from end to end and furnished with items made from the gold, silver, brass, furs, jewels, and other valuable materials taken out of Egypt at God's orders, and according to specifications revealed by Yahweh (God) to Moses at Mount Sinai, it was transported by the Israelites on their journey through the wilderness and their conquest of the Promised Land. Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem superseded it as the dwelling-place of God some 300 years later.

Title: Inquiline

In zoology, an inquiline (from Latin "inquilinus", "lodger" or "tenant") is an animal that lives commensally in the nest, burrow, or dwelling place of an animal of another species. For example, some organisms such as insects may live in the homes of gophers and feed on debris, fungi, roots, etc. The most widely distributed types of inquiline are those found in association with the nests of social insects, especially ants and termites – a single colony may support dozens of different inquiline species. The distinctions between parasites, social parasites, and inquilines are subtle, and many species may fulfill the criteria for more than one of these, as inquilines do exhibit many of the same characteristics as parasites. However, parasites are specifically "not" inquilines, because by definition they have a deleterious effect on the host species, while inquilines do not.

Title: Vídbláin

In Norse mythology, Víðbláinn is the third heaven in the cosmology of Snorri's "Gylfaginning", located above Andlang and Asgard. It will serve as a shelter and dwelling place for the souls of the dead during and after the destruction of Ragnarök.

Title: Oldest synagogues in the United Kingdom

The designation oldest synagogue in the United Kingdom requires careful definition. A number of synagogues that predate the expulsion of the Jews from England have been discovered by archaeologists or by historians in buildings that have been in use for other purposes for many centuries. A second set of synagogues post-dates the legal return of Jews to England in the seventeenth century. Some synagogues have been destroyed or demolished and rebuilt on the same site, so that, while the site or congregation may be very old, the building may be modern. Still other old synagogue buildings exist, but were sold by the congregation and are now used for other purposes, some as churches or mosques, others for everything from residences to school recital halls. And some very old synagogues have been in continuous use as synagogues for many centuries.

Title: List of oldest synagogues

The designation oldest synagogue in the world requires careful definition. Many very old synagogues have been discovered in archaeological digs. Some synagogues have been destroyed and rebuilt several times on the same site, so, while the site or congregation may be ancient, the building may be modern. Still other very old synagogue buildings exist, but have been used for many centuries as churches, mosques, or for other purposes. And some very old synagogues have been in continuous use as synagogues for many centuries.

Title: Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (disambiguation)

Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (disambiguation)

Title: The Wheels on the Bus

"The Wheels on the Bus" is an American folk song dating no later than 1939 written by Verna Hills. It is a popular children's song in the United Kingdom, the United States, Australia, and Canada, and is often sung by children on bus trips to keep themselves amused. It has a very repetitive rhythm, making the song easy for a large number of people to sing, in a manner similar to the song "99 Bottles of Beer". It is based on fellow traditional British song "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush". The song is also sometimes sung to the tune of "Buffalo Gals", as in the version done by Raffi.

Title: Roy Holder

Roy Holder (born 15 June 1946) is an English television actor who has appeared in various programmes including "Ace of Wands", "Z-Cars", "Spearhead", the "Doctor Who" serial "The Caves of Androzani" and "Sorry! " His first notable appearance on the screen was in the 1961 film "Whistle Down the Wind", and he then appeared in "The Taming of the Shrew" (1967), "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (1967), "Romeo and Juliet" (1968), "The Virgin Soldiers" (1969), "Loot" (1970), "Psychomania" (1973), "The Land That Time Forgot" (1975), "Trial by Combat" (1976) and "Jesus of Nazareth" (1977). More recently, Roy played the part of Mr Hill in "Pride & Prejudice" (2005), and Gaffer Tom in "Robin Hood" (2010).

Title: Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush

"Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (also titled "Mulberry Bush" or "This is the Way") is an English language nursery rhyme and singing game. It has a Roud Folk Song Index number of 7882. The same tune is also used for "Lazy Mary, Will You Get Up" and a variant is used for The Wheels on the Bus.

Title: Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (Traffic song)

"Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" is a single by Traffic. It is the title song to the film "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush", and features all four members of Traffic singing a joint lead, though the bridge and parts of the chorus have Steve Winwood singing unaccompanied. The single uses an edited version of the song, with the intro removed. When released in late 1967, the single cracked the UK Top 10. Footage of the band acting out the song was commissioned by The Beatles for possible inclusion in the film "Magical Mystery Tour" but was not used in the final edit. It is now included in the special features of the 2012 DVD/Blu-ray edition of the film.

Title: Michael Finnegan (song)

"Michael Finnegan" (variant spellings include "Michael Finnagen" and "Michael Vinnegan") is an example of an unboundedly long song, which can continue with numerous variations until the singer decides (or is forced) to stop. Like most other perpetual songs, this song tends to be sung by schoolchildren. It is a popular song often sung around a campfire or during scouting events. The origin of the words and music is unknown, but the tune bears similarity to Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush. The earliest documented reference is "The Hackney Scout Song Book" (Stacy & Son Ltd, 1921). It also appears in "The Oxford song book, vol.2, collected and arranged by Thomas Wood" (Oxford University Press, 1927).

Title: Hunter Davies

Edward Hunter Davies, OBE (born 7 January 1936) is a British author, journalist and broadcaster. He is the author of a number of books, including the only authorised biography of the Beatles.

Title: Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush (film)

Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush is a 1967 British film made based on the novel of the same name by Hunter Davies. It was listed to compete at the 1968 Cannes Film Festival, but the festival was cancelled due to the events of May 1968 in France.

Title: Clive Donner

Clive Stanley Donner (21 January 1926 – 6 September 2010) was a British film director who was a defining part of the British New Wave, directing films such as "The Caretaker", "Nothing But the Best", "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" and "What's New Pussycat? ". He also directed television movies and commercials through the mid-1990s.

Title: Christopher Mitchell (actor)

Christopher Mitchell (21 May 1947 – 22 February 2001) was a British actor most notable for his role in the BBC sitcom "It Ain't Half Hot Mum" as Gunner Nigel 'Parky' Parkin. His film credits include "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" (1967), "This, That and the Other" (1969), "The Sex Thief" (1973) and "What's Up Superdoc! " (1978).

Title: The Big Brain

The Big Brain is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Sy Bartlett and Warren Duff. The film stars George E. Stone, Phillips Holmes, Fay Wray, Minna Gombell and Lilian Bond. The film was released on August 5, 1933, by RKO Pictures.

Title: Hoppy Serves a Writ

Hoppy Serves a Writ is a 1943 Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy. The supporting cast features Andy Clyde, Victor Jory and George Reeves. The film remains noteworthy today as one of the earliest performances (his 3rd) of unshaven newcomer Robert Mitchum, who made an impression upon the studio by generating a surprising fan mail response exactly as Clark Gable had after playing an extremely similar unshaven role in "The Painted Desert", a Western starring William Boyd produced a dozen years earlier.

Title: Criminal Lawyer

Criminal Lawyer is a 1937 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne from a screenplay by G. V. Atwater and Thomas Lennon, based on a story by Louis Stevens. The film stars Lee Tracy, Margot Grahame and Eduardo Cianelli. RKO produced the film and premiered it on January 26, 1937 in New York City, with a national release a few days later on January 29. It was the second time Stevens' story had been used for a film, the first being 1932's State's Attorney, starring John Barrymore and Helen Twelvetrees, directed by George Archainbaud, and also produced and released by RKO.

Title: Flying with Music

Flying with Music is a 1942 American musical film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Louis S. Kaye and M. Coates Webster. The film stars Marjorie Woodworth, George Givot, William Marshall, Edward Gargan, Jerry Bergen and Norma Varden. The film was released on May 22, 1942, by United Artists.

Title: Thrill of a Lifetime (film)

Thrill of a Lifetime is a 1937 American comedy film directed by George Archainbaud and written by Seena Owen, Grant Garett and Paul Girard Smith. The film stars James V. Kern, Charles Adler, George Kelly, Billy Mann -- at the time a musical-comedy act called the Yacht Club Boys -- along with Judy Canova, Ben Blue and Eleanore Whitney.

Title: George Archainbaud

George Archainbaud (May 7, 1890 – February 20, 1959) was a French-born American film and television director.

Title: Ralph Murphy

Ralph Murphy (May 1, 1895 – February 10, 1967) was an American film director. Born in Rockville, Connecticut, Murphy was active in films from 1931 through 1962, with some work in television. From 1941–44 he was married to Gloria Dickson, whom he directed in "I Want a Divorce".

Title: Alias French Gertie

Alias French Gertie is an American Pre-Code crime film directed by George Archainbaud, with a screenplay by Wallace Smith, based upon the unproduced play, "The Chatterbox" by Bayard Veiller. It starred Bebe Daniels and Ben Lyon, who were making their first on-screen appearance together. A copy of this film survives in the Library of Congress.

Title: Arthur Roberts (editor)

Arthur Roberts July 17, 1890 – February 5, 1961), also known as Arthur E. Roberts, was an American film editor who edited over 100 films during his almost 30 year career. He began ending towards the end of the silent era of the film industry, his first film being 1927's "The College Hero", directed by Walter Lang. His last film was Republic's "Lay That Rifle Down" in 1955, after which he spent a brief period as the editor for the television series, "Lassie", before retiring in 1956. During his career he would work with many famous directors, including Frank Capra (on several films, including "The Donovan Affair"), Lowell Sherman (on "The Royal Bed"), William Seiter (on several films, including "Way Back Home"), Edward Cline (on "Cracked Nuts"), George Cukor ("A Bill of Divorcement"), Dorothy Arzner (the first female member of the DGA, on "Christopher Strong"), Anthony Mann ("Strangers in the Night"), George Archainbaud ("Girls of the Big House"), Fritz Lang ("House by the River"),

Title: Campus Confessions

Campus Confessions is a 1938 American film directed by George Archainbaud, featuring Betty Grable in her first starring role, and American basketball player Hank Luisetti in his only film appearance.

Title: Isopropyl alcohol

Isopropyl alcohol (IUPAC name propan-2-ol), also called dimethyl carbinol or, incorrectly, isopropanol, is a compound with the chemical formula CHO or CHOH or CHCHOHCH (sometimes represented as "i"-PrOH). It is a colorless, flammable chemical compound with a strong odor. As a propyl group linked to a hydroxyl group, it is the simplest example of a secondary alcohol, where the alcohol carbon atom is attached to two other carbon atoms, sometimes shown as (CH)CHOH. It is a structural isomer of 1-propanol. It has a wide variety of industrial and household uses, and is a common ingredient in chemicals such as antiseptics, disinfectants and detergents.

Title: Index of alcohol-related articles

Alcohol is any organic compound in which a hydroxyl functional group (-OH) is bound to a carbon atom, usually connected to other carbon or hydrogen atoms. An important class are the simple acyclic alcohols, the general formula for which is CHOH. Of those, ethanol (CHOH) is the type of alcohol found in alcoholic beverages, and in common speech the word alcohol refers specifically to ethanol. Articles related to alcohol include:

Title: Shellite (explosive)

Shellite (known as Tridite in US service) is an explosive mixture of Picric acid and Dinitrophenol or Picric acid and Hexanitrodiphenylamine in a ratio of 70/30. It was typically used as a filling in Royal Navy armour-piercing shells during the early part of the 20th century.

Title: Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride

Tetrakis(hydroxymethyl)phosphonium chloride (THPC) is an organophosphorus compound with the chemical formula [P(CHOH)]Cl. The cation P(CHOH) is four-coordinate, as is typical for phosphonium salts. THPC has applications as a precursor to fire-retardant materials.

Title: 1-Hexanol

1-Hexanol is an organic alcohol with a six-carbon chain and a condensed structural formula of CH(CH)OH. This colorless liquid is slightly soluble in water, but miscible with diethyl ether and ethanol. Two additional straight chain isomers of 1-hexanol, 2-hexanol and 3-hexanol, exist, both of which differing by the location of the hydroxyl group. Many isomeric alcohols have the formula CHOH. It is used in the perfume industry.

Title: 1-Pentanol

1-Pentanol, (or n-pentanol, pentan-1-ol), is an alcohol with five carbon atoms and the molecular formula CHOH. 1-Pentanol is a colorless liquid with an unpleasant aroma. It is the straight-chain form of amyl alcohol, one of 8 isomers with that formula.

Title: Aldonic acid

An aldonic acid is any of a family of sugar acids obtained by oxidation of the aldehyde functional group of an aldose to form a carboxylic acid functional group. Thus, their general chemical formula is HOOC-(CHOH)-CHOH. Oxidation of the terminal hydroxyl group instead of the terminal aldehyde yields a uronic acid, while oxidation of both terminal ends yields an aldaric acid.

Title: Xylitol

Xylitol is a sugar alcohol used as a sweetener. The name derives from Greek: ξύλον , "xyl[on]", "wood" + suffix -"itol", used to denote sugar alcohols. Xylitol is categorized as a polyalcohol or sugar alcohol (alditol). It has the formula CHOH(CHOH)CHOH and is an achiral isomer of pentane-1,2,3,4,5-pentol. Multiple studies using electron microscopy have indicated that xylitol is effective in inducing remineralization of deeper layers of demineralized enamel. Fair evidence was found that xylitol (as chewing gum, lozenges, nasal spray, etc.) reduced the incidence of acute middle ear infection in healthy children.

Title: Conductivity near the percolation threshold

In a mixture between a dielectric and a metallic component, the conductivity formula_1 and the dielectric constant formula_2 of this mixture show a critical behavior if the fraction of the metallic component reaches the percolation threshold. The behavior of the conductivity near this percolation threshold will show a smooth change over from the conductivity of the dielectric component to the conductivity of the metallic component and can be described using two critical exponents s and t, whereas the dielectric constant will diverge if the threshold is approached from either side. To include the frequency dependent behavior, a resistor-capacitor model (R-C model) is used.

Title: Picric acid

Picric acid is an organic compound with the formula (ON)CHOH. Its IUPAC name is 2,4,6-trinitrophenol (TNP). The name "picric" comes from the Greek πικρός ("pikros"), meaning "bitter", reflecting its bitter taste. It is one of the most acidic phenols. Like other highly nitrated organic compounds, picric acid is an explosive, which was once its primary use. It has also been used in medicine (antiseptic, burn treatments) and dyes.

Title: 1939 PGA Championship

The 1939 PGA Championship was the 22nd PGA Championship, held July 9–15 at Pomonok Country Club in Queens, New York. Then a match play championship, Henry Picard won his only PGA Championship, defeating Byron Nelson with a birdie at the 37th hole. It was the second of his two major titles; he won the Masters in 1938. Nelson won the U.S. Open three months earlier and the next PGA Championship in 1940. Beginning in 1939, he made five finals in six PGA Championships, and won his second title in 1945.

Title: Middle Atlantic PGA Championship

The Middle Atlantic PGA Championship is a golf tournament that is the championship of the Middle Atlantic section of the PGA of America. The tournament has been played annually since 1932 in Virginia, Maryland, or Washington, DC. Fred Funk, eight-time winner on the PGA Tour, holds the record with six Middle Atlantic PGA victories. Other PGA Tour winners who have also won the Middle Atlantic PGA Championship include Chandler Harper (seven time PGA tour winner and 1950 PGA Championship winner), Bobby Cruickshank (17-time PGA tour winner), Lew Worsham (four-time PGA tour winner), and George Fazio (two-time PGA tour winner and golf course designer).

Title: 2000 PGA Championship

The 2000 PGA Championship was the 82nd PGA Championship, held August 17–20 at the Valhalla Golf Club in Louisville, Kentucky. It was the second time for the event at Valhalla, which hosted four years earlier in 1996. Tiger Woods won his second straight PGA Championship and fifth major in a three-hole playoff over Bob May. Woods and May finished at 18 under par to set the PGA Championship record to par, later equaled by Woods in 2006. It was the first time since 1937 that a PGA Championship title was successfully defended, and the first ever as a stroke play event. Woods and May were five shots ahead of third-place finisher Thomas Bjørn.

Title: Argentine PGA Championship

The Argentine PGA Championship is a golf tournament played in Argentina since 1920. It was generally supported by the leading Argentine golfers and its list of champions includes Eduardo Romero (8 times), José Jurado (7 times), Vicente Fernández (5 times), José Cóceres (twice) and Ángel Cabrera. However, the record holder is former British Open champion Roberto De Vicenzo, who recorded 16 victories between 1944 and 1985.

Title: Northern California PGA Championship

The Northern California PGA Championship is a golf tournament that is the championship of the Northern California section of the PGA of America. Mark Fry, long-time pro at Sequoyah Country Club in Oakland, California, holds the record for most victories with 10. Tony Lema, British Open winner in 1964 and 12-time PGA Tour winner, won three consecutive Northern California PGA championships from 1962–64. Other PGA Tour winners who were also victorious in the Northern California PGA Championship include Bob Lunn (six-time PGA tour winner), Dick Lotz (three-time PGA tour winner), Bruce Summerhays (three-time PGA tour winner, Bob Wynn, and John McMullin.

Title: 2006 PGA Championship

The 2006 PGA Championship was the 88th PGA Championship, played August 17–20 at Medinah Country Club in Medinah, Illinois, a suburb northwest of Chicago. Tiger Woods won his third PGA Championship, five shots ahead of runner-up Shaun Micheel, the 2003 champion. Woods' victory was his 12th major championship. The No. 3 Course was the longest to date in major championship history. Medinah previously hosted the tournament in 1999, when Woods captured his first PGA Championship. The purse was $6.8 million with a winner's share of $1.224 million.

Title: 2018 PGA Championship

The 2018 PGA Championship is the forthcoming 100th PGA Championship that will take place from August 9–12 at Bellerive Country Club in Town and Country, Missouri. This will be the second PGA Championship at Bellerive. This will also be the last PGA Championship to be held in the month of August; just before the 2017 tournament, the PGA announced that the Championship would be held in May beginning in 2019.

Title: 1977 PGA Championship

The 1977 PGA Championship was the 59th PGA Championship, played August 11–14 at Pebble Beach Golf Links in Pebble Beach, California. Lanny Wadkins, 27, won his only major championship in a sudden-death playoff over Gene Littler. It was the first playoff at the PGA Championship in ten years and was the first-ever sudden-death playoff in a stroke-play major championship. The last was 36 years earlier at the 1941 PGA Championship, when the 36-hole final match went to two extra holes.

Title: 1940 PGA Championship

The 1940 PGA Championship was the 23rd PGA Championship, held August 26 to September 2 at Hershey Country Club in Hershey, Pennsylvania, east of Harrisburg. Then a match play championship, Byron Nelson won his first PGA Championship, defeating Sam Snead 1 up in the 36-hole final. It was the third of Nelson's five major titles; he won the PGA Championship again in 1945. From 1939 to 1945, Nelson made five of the six finals, missing only in 1942 (not held in 1943).

Title: Roberto De Vicenzo

Roberto De Vicenzo (14 April 1923 – 1 June 2017) was a professional golfer from Argentina. He won more than 230 tournaments worldwide in his career including eight on the PGA Tour and most famously the 1967 Open Championship.

Title: A Week of Garfield

A Week of Garfield (ガーフィールドの一週間 , Gāfirudo no Isshukan ) is a 1989 Family Computer title based on the comic character Garfield. It was only released in Japan due to issues with using the Garfield license in North America and Europe. It is the third video game to be based on Jim Davis' "Garfield" Comics.

Title: Impossible Dream

Impossible Dream is Patty Griffin’s fifth commercially released album, and fourth studio album. It was released on April 20, 2004. The album features an unlisted song – Griffin’s mother and father singing “The Impossible Dream” – at the end of “Top of the World.”

Title: Nagaram (2010 film)

Nagaram Marupakkam (English: The other side of the town ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil action film co-produced written and directed by Sundar C., who himself plays the lead role. Co-produced by his wife Kushboo, the film also stars Anuya Bhagvath and Vadivelu in pivotal roles and features music by Thaman. Sundar's first directorial after five years, "Nagaram" released on 19 November 2010, it is based on the 1993 American movie Carlito's Way . The film is very well known for comedy sequences and portrayal of the comic character "Style Pandi" by Vadivelu.

Title: Levolution (album)

Levolution is the second studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel, and the first American released album. Levolution was released to the Australian public through Carved Records on 20 August 2010, and later released to the United States on 28 September 2010. Produced by Brian Virtue (Jane's Addiction, Velvet Revolver, Thirty Seconds to Mars, Chevelle) and Rick Parashar (Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, 3 Doors Down, Nickelback), the album features a half-dozen freshly penned tracks and six from the band's 2009 Australian CD, Nowhere Left to Hide, remixed by Dan Korneff (My Chemical Romance, Cavo). With its overarching theme of personal growth and "the journey we’re all on", says vocalist/lyricist Toby Rand, Levolution finds musical parity in its strong hooks, multi-textured instrumentals and passionate vocals.

Title: A Boy in a Man's World

A Boy in a Man's World is the second studio album by Mucky Pup. The album was recorded at Nevessa Productions and released in 1989 through Torrid Records and Roadrunner Records. The album features a re-recorded version of "U-Stink-But-I-♥-U," which the band had previously won a Bloom County songwriting contest with. The band would also shoot their first music video for this song. The album also features "Batman", a song based on an urban legend that also contains a snippet of the title theme to the 1966 "Batman" TV.

Title: Deceit (Doctor Who novel)

Deceit is an original novel written by Peter Darvill-Evans and based on the long-running British science fiction television series "Doctor Who". It features the Seventh Doctor, Ace and Bernice. Also included is "Doctor Who Magazine" comic character Abslom Daak, in his first appearance outside "DWM". A prelude to the novel, also penned by Darvill-Evans, appeared in "Doctor Who Magazine" #198.

Title: Kiss (Carly Rae Jepsen album)

Kiss is the second studio album by Canadian recording artist Carly Rae Jepsen. It was released on September 14, 2012, by 604, Schoolboy and Interscope Records. After her debut, "Tug of War" (2008), which managed to receive success in Canada but was never released worldwide, "Kiss" became Jepsen's first internationally released album. Songs on the album are in the nu-disco, dance-pop, and teen pop genres, drawing inspiration from The Cars, Madonna, and Swedish performer, Robyn. Featuring production from a wide collection of producers including Dallas Austin, Josh Ramsay, and Redfoo, the album features a track with guest vocals from Justin Bieber.

Title: In My Country There Is Problem

"In My Country There Is Problem", also known as "Throw the Jew Down the Well" after the song's key line, is a song written by British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen for his comic character Borat Sagdiyev. It features in the 'Country Music' segment of "Borat's Guide to the USA (Part 2)", that focuses heavily on the (positive) reaction of the patrons of an Arizona country and western bar to the antisemitic sentiments of the song. It appeared in "".

Title: Ghost Rider (Suicide song)

Ghost Rider is a song by the protopunk band Suicide appearing on their debut album. The song is based on the Marvel Comics character.

Title: Suicide (1977 album)

Suicide is the debut album from the American rock band Suicide. It was released in 1977 on Red Star Records and produced by Craig Leon and Marty Thau. The album was recorded in four days at Ultima Sound Studios in New York and featured Martin Rev's minimalist electronics and harsh, repetitive rhythms paired with Alan Vega's rock and roll-inspired vocals and depictions of urban life.

Title: State Secretary (Norway)

In Norway, a State Secretary (Norwegian: "statssekretær" ) is a partisan political position within the executive branch of government. Contrary to the position Secretary of State in many other countries, the Norwegian State Secretary does not head his or her Ministry, rather, they are second in rank to a Minister. Resembling a "de facto" vice minister, the State Secretary, however, cannot attend a Council of State, and does not act as a temporary Minister in case of illness or other leave of absence.

Title: Vice President of Panama

The Vice President of Panama is the second-highest political position in the Government of Panama. Since 2009, the position of Vice President has been held by only one person. Previously, there were positions of First Vice President and Second Vice President, also known as First Designate to Presidency ("Primer Designado a la Presidencia") and Second Designate ("Segundo Designado a la Presidencia"). According to the current constitution, Vice Presidents are elected in the same ticket as the President. However, the position of Second Vice President has been abolished since 2009.

Title: Hannah Gale

Hannah "Annie" Elizabeth Rolinson Gale (December 29, 1876 – August 7, 1970) was a British-born Canadian politician who was the first woman to hold an elected political position in Canada.

Title: DISCLOSE Act

The Democracy Is Strengthened by Casting Light On Spending in Elections Act, commonly known as the DISCLOSE Act and also known as H.R. 5175 (S.3628-Senate), was a bill introduced in the U.S. House of Representatives by Chris Van Hollen (D-Maryland) on April 29, 2010 and in the U.S. Senate by Charles Schumer (D-New York) on July 21, 2010.

Title: Abteilungsleiter (NSDAP)

Abteilungsleiter ("section leader"), German for department head, was also a mid-level administrative political position of the Nazi Party, often held by staff political officers attached to various "Gaue" throughout Germany. The position of Abteilungsleiter was not an actual Nazi Party political rank, but a title held by a Party member in addition to their formal rank. The position was first created in 1933, after the Nazis had secured power in Germany.

Title: Public Law 113-167

Pub.L. 113–167 (formerly the bill ), a United States public law, that is entitled "to amend the Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act to clarify how the Act applies to condominiums," is a bill that was introduced into the United States House of Representatives during the 113th United States Congress. The Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act of 1968 was passed in 1968 with the intention of helping protect consumers from land-related scams, but regulating the sale of land across state lines. The act requires sellers to prepare center information about the piece of property they are trying to sell and disclose it in a "Property Report." The law was originally administered by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, but is currently run by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. H.R. 2600 would make changes to this law related to condominiums.

Title: Attorney misconduct

Attorney misconduct is unethical or illegal conduct by an attorney. Attorney Misconduct may include: conflict of interest, over billing, refusing to represent a client for political or professional motives, false or misleading statements, hiding evidence, abandoning a client, failing to disclose all relevant facts, arguing a position while neglecting to disclose prior law which might counter the argument, and" in some instances" having sex with a client.

Title: Chris Van Hollen

Christopher Van Hollen Jr. (born January 10, 1959) is the junior United States Senator from Maryland, serving since January 3, 2017. From 2003 to 2017, he served as the U.S. Representative for Maryland 's 8 congressional district . He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Title: Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act

Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act, Bill-C74 was first introduced in the Canadian House of Commons on November 15, 2005. Introduced as a part of a package of “lawful access” proposals, Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act (MITA) if passed, would have required telephone and internet service providers to design, create and maintain interception capabilities into existing networks and into new technologies as they are introduced into Canada. Second, it would have allowed law enforcement to compel telephone and internet service providers to disclose subscriber information without a warrant. The bill failed to pass into law when Parliament was dissolved on November 28, 2005. Lawful access legislation was, however, was re-introduced under the name Bill C-13 (short titled Protecting Canadians from Online Crime Act) by Stephen Harper's Conservative government on November 20, 2013 and it passed through all legislative stages to receive royal assent on December 9, 2014.

Title: Campaign finance reform in the United States

Although attempts to regulate campaign finance by legislation date back to 1867, the modern era of "campaign finance reform" in the United States begins with the passage of the Federal Election Campaign Act (FECA) of 1971 and, more importantly, 1974 amendments to that Act. The 1971 FECA required candidates to disclose sources of campaign contributions and campaign expenditures. The 1974 Amendments essentially rewrote the Act from top to bottom. The 1974 Amendments placed statutory limits on contributions by individuals for the first time, and created the Federal Election Commission (FEC) as an independent enforcement agency. It provided for broad new disclosure requirements, and limited the amounts that candidates could spend on their campaigns, or that citizens could spend separate from candidate campaigns to promote their political views. Specifically, it attempted to restrict the influence of wealthy individuals by limiting individual donations to $1,000 and donations by political action committees (PACs) to $5,000. However, the Act's provisions limiting expenditures were struck down as unconstitutional in the 1976 Supreme Court decision Buckley v. Valeo.

Title: Matt Cameron

Matthew David Cameron (born November 28, 1962) is an American musician who serves as the drummer for the American rock bands Pearl Jam and Soundgarden. After getting his start with the Seattle, Washington-based bands Bam Bam and Skin Yard, he first gained fame as the drummer for Soundgarden, which he joined in 1986 and remained in until the band's break-up in 1997. In 1998, Cameron was invited to play on Pearl Jam's U.S. Yield Tour. He soon became a permanent member and has remained in the band ever since. In 2010, Soundgarden reunited for a tour and released a new album, "King Animal," on November 13, 2012.

Title: Chris Hanzsek

Chris Hanzsek is an American musical engineer and record producer currently living in Snohomish, Washington. He was co-founder, with then partner Tina Casale, of C/Z Records and their recording studio, Reciprocal Recording, in 1984. Many of the bands he produced in the mid-1980s are regarded as the foundation of Seattle’s “grunge” scene, such as, The Melvins, Soundgarden, The U-Men, Malfunkshun, Skin Yard, and Green River who can all be heard on C/Z’s landmark compilation album, “Deep Six”.

Title: Ostava

Ostava are an alternative rock band from Bulgaria. They formed in 1991, but it was not until 2000 that they released a long-playing record (and subsequently received critical acclaim.

Title: Skin Yard (album)

Skin Yard was the first album released by the band Skin Yard in January, 1987. 1400 vinyl copies were released on translucent skin-tone vinyl.

Title: Mark Arm

Mark Arm (born Mark Thomas McLaughlin, February 21, 1962) is the vocalist for the grunge band Mudhoney. His former group, Green River, is one of the first grunge bands, along with Malfunkshun, Soundgarden, Skin Yard, the U-Men, and others. He is also the manager of the Sub Pop warehouse and previously worked at Fantagraphics Books.

Title: Skin Yard

Skin Yard was an American grunge band from Seattle, Washington, who were active from 1985 to 1993. The group never gained a mainstream audience, but were an influence on several of their grunge contemporaries, including Soundgarden, Screaming Trees, The Melvins, and Green River.

Title: Jack Endino

Jack Endino (born 1964) is an American producer and musician based in Seattle, United States. Long associated with Seattle label Sub Pop and the grunge movement, Endino worked on seminal albums from bands such as Mudhoney, Soundgarden, and Nirvana. Endino was also the guitarist for the Seattle band Skin Yard which was active between 1985 and 1992. Endino currently manages a studio in Seattle called Soundhouse Recording.

Title: Gruntruck

Gruntruck is an American rock band formed in 1989 in Seattle, Washington by vocalist Ben McMillan and drummer Norman Scott, both previously from early Grunge pioneers Skin Yard. While in Skin Yard, Norman also briefly joined Soundgarden, and collaborated with Chris Cornell on a lesser-known band, the low frequency power trio Bass Truck. Lead guitarist Tommy Niemeyer from metal thrashers The Accüsed and bassist Tim Paul, previously of PDX hardcore punks Final Warning, rounded out the initial, classic line-up. Their sound is described as Grunge, and the band focuses more on the metal side of the genre.

Title: Cat Butt

Cat Butt was a Seattle, Washington rock group formed in 1987. The band did a short west coast tour, and then went on to record their first full-length album, "Journey to the Center Of." It was produced by Jack Endino of Skin Yard. To promote the album the band did a large U.S. tour, before disbanding in late 1990. Although not achieving the success of other Sub Pop bands, they maintained a loyal cult following in the Pacific Northwest.

Title: Daniel House

Daniel House (born August 8, 1961) is a business owner/entrepreneur and musician best known for his contribution to the Seattle “grunge” music movement of the 1980s and ‘90s. He was a co-founder and bass-player for Skin Yard, a band that was active from 1985 to 1992, and was President and owner of C/Z Records, a Seattle-based independent record label that released music by many bands including 7 Year Bitch, Built to Spill, Coffin Break, Engine Kid, The Gits, Hammerbox, Love Battery, The Melvins, The Presidents of the United States of America, Silkworm, and Skin Yard. In 2003 he moved from Seattle to Los Angeles where he oversaw the development and creation of the now-defunct www.DownloadPunk.com as well as the music-centric online dating website, RocknRollDating.com.

Title: Did It in a Minute

"Did It in a Minute" is a song performed by American musical duo Hall & Oates. Written by member Daryl Hall with Sara and Janna Allen. The song was released as the third of four singles from their tenth studio album "Private Eyes" in March 1982. Daryl Hall performs lead vocals, while John Oates provides backing harmony vocals.

Title: One on One (song)

"One on One" is a song performed by American musical duo Hall & Oates. Written by member Daryl Hall, the song was released as the second single from their eleventh studio album "HO" on January 29, 1983. Backed by minimalistic, synthesizer-based production, the song's lyrics incorporate various sports metaphors to describe seduction. Daryl Hall performs lead vocals, while John Oates provides backing harmony vocals.

Title: Janna Allen

Janna Allen (May 12, 1957 – August 25, 1993) was an American songwriter. She is best known as a co-writer of some of the biggest hits recorded by Daryl Hall & John Oates, in collaboration variously with Daryl Hall, John Oates and her sister Sara Allen, who was Hall's longtime girlfriend and the person for whom the duo's hit song "Sara Smile" was written.

Title: Live from Daryl's House

Live from Daryl's House (simply known as Daryl's House, and often abbreviated as LFDH) is an online series that was first created in fall 2007. The show features singer-songwriter Daryl Hall performing with his band and various guest artists at his home in Millerton, New York. The show provides a performance space that is an alternative to live concerts and studio sessions for popular artists. This allows the artists to "…have fun and [be] creatively spontaneous". The majority of shows include a segment in which Hall and the guest artist prepare food from different cuisines for everyone to eat. The food comes from various local restaurants and the chefs of those establishments walk Hall and guest through the preparation of the food. "Live From Daryl's House" expanded to broadcast TV but remained unchanged. Hall was quoted by Billboard.com as saying "it's an Internet show that is being shown on television, so I'm not adapting the show at all in any way to be a 'TV' show." The show debuted in 95 markets on September 24, 2011, with back-to-back half-hour episodes featuring Train (Episode 33) and Fitz & the Tantrums (Episode 35). Starting with the 66th episode of "Live From Daryl's House", the shows are filmed at Hall's club, Daryl's House, in Pawling, New York.

Title: Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying

"Don't Let the Sun Catch You Crying" is a song written and originally performed by British beat group Gerry and the Pacemakers. The songwriting is credited to Gerry Marsden and the other band members, Freddie Marsden, Les Chadwick and Les Maguire. It was first recorded by Louise Cordet, and then recorded by the group themselves in early 1964.

Title: Daryl Hall

Daryl Franklin Hohl (born October 11, 1946), known professionally as Daryl Hall, is an American rock, R&B, and soul singer; keyboardist, guitarist, songwriter, and producer, best known as the co-founder and lead vocalist of Hall & Oates (with guitarist and songwriter John Oates).

Title: Ferry Cross the Mersey

"Ferry Cross the Mersey" (sometimes written Ferry 'Cross the Mersey) is a song written by Gerry Marsden. It was first recorded by his band Gerry and the Pacemakers and released in late 1964 in the UK and in 1965 in the United States. It was a hit on both sides of the Atlantic, reaching number six in the United States and number eight in the UK. The song is from the film of the same name and was released on its soundtrack album. In the mid-1990s a musical theatre production also titled "Ferry Cross the Mersey" related Gerry Marsden's Merseybeat days; it premiered in Liverpool and played in the UK, Australia, and Canada.

Title: Jonathan Wolfson

Jonathan Wolfson (born December 1, 1970) is an American television executive, manager, and publicist. He is known for his managerial work with the musical group Daryl Hall & John Oates and the Canadian-rock group Loverboy. He was previously well known for his publicity work with Suge Knight through his company Wolfson Public Relations. Jonathan has executive produced Daryl Hall’s TV shows "Daryl’s Restoration Over-Hall" and "Live From Daryl’s House".

Title: Hall &amp; Oates

Daryl Hall and John Oates, often referred to as Hall & Oates, are an American musical duo from Philadelphia. Daryl Hall is generally the lead vocalist of the pairing. John Oates primarily plays electric guitar and provides backing vocals. The two write most of the songs they perform, either separately or in collaboration. They achieved their greatest fame from the late 1970s to the mid-1980s with a fusion of rock and roll and rhythm and blues.

Title: Gerry Marsden

Gerard Marsden MBE (born 24 September 1942) is an English musician and television personality, best known for being leader of the British Merseybeat band Gerry and the Pacemakers.

Title: Pureland Industrial Complex

Pureland Industrial Complex is a 3000 acre industrial park located in Logan Township in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. It borders the Delaware River and Raccoon Creek, and is located 12 mi south of the ports of Camden and Philadelphia. Interstate 295, U.S. Route 322 and U.S. Route 130 run through it and connect it to major truck routes. SMS Rail Lines connect to Penns Grove Secondary and the national rail network. It was opened in 1975 and is the largest industrial park in the state of New Jersey, and one of the largest in the world.

Title: Backford Cross

Backford Cross is a village on the Wirral Peninsula, Cheshire, England. It is a suburb of the town of Ellesmere Port and part of Cheshire West and Chester. Backford Cross is located around the A41/A5117 junction, south of Great Sutton and about 1.5 mi north of the village of Backford, near Chester. Backford Cross is largely made up of residential homes built from 1990 onwards and serves as a commuter village to Ellesmere Port and Chester, although inhabitants show no allegiance to either locality. The area is split between postcode districts, with parts of the village in Great Sutton, Ellesmere Port CH66 and other areas in Backford, Chester CH1.

Title: Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel

The Portland and Southwestern Railroad Tunnel, also known as the Nehalem Divide Railroad Tunnel, is an abandoned railroad tunnel near Scappoose, Oregon, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The tunnel was driven by the Portland and Southwestern Railroad, whose chief business was logging. Unusually for a logging railroad, the Portland and Southwestern built tunnels. In order to reach the far side of the Nehalem divide in the Northern Oregon Coast Range, the railroad undertook a 1712 ft tunnel. Some work was started in 1910, but most work began in 1918 and was completed in 1919. Since the tunnel was not through solid rock, the tunnel was lined with timber. The tunnel was used until 1945, when it was replaced by a truck road over the divide.

Title: Param, Rampur

Param (Hindi: परम ) is a village in Rampur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is 3 km from Ram Ganga and 8 km from the Grand Truck Road.

Title: Al Haj FAW motors

Al Haj FAW motors is sole distributor and assembler of FAW vehicles in Pakistan. The company is a subsidiary of Al Haj group and has an assembly plant located in Karachi. The assembly plant was inaugurated in 2013. The company assembles passenger vehicles, light commercial vehicles and commercial trucks. Over the time Al Haj FAW has secured the trust of major transport and logistics corporations in Pakistan as one of the major truck providers.

Title: A5117 road

The A5117 is a road in Cheshire, England. It runs between Shotwick ( ) and Helsby ( ) and connects the A550 at Woodbank to the M56. As such it forms a northerly bypass to Chester and a shorter route between the North West and North Wales than the A55. The road is dualled west of the M56. There is roundabout with the A540 and at Dunkirk at the western terminus of the M56. East of the junction the road is single carriageway and crosses the A41 by way of a roundabout at Backford Cross. The A5117 intersects the M53 at Junction 10. This junction is just east of Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet. The road then continues almost parallel to the M56, which it intersects at Junction 14, at which there is a Motorway service area. The road then continues south east to terminate where it joins the A56 at Helsby.

Title: U.S. Route 287

U.S. Route 287 is a north–south United States highway. It is 2,882 km long. It serves as the major truck route between Fort Worth, Texas and Amarillo, Texas, and between Fort Collins, Colorado and Laramie, Wyoming. The highway is broken into two segments by Yellowstone National Park, where an unnumbered park road serves as a connector.

Title: U.S. Route 19 Truck (Pittsburgh)

U.S. Route 19 Truck (US 19 Truck) is a truck route of U.S. Route 19 (US 19) located in Western Pennsylvania in the Pittsburgh Metro Area that has a length of 19 mi . It is a loop off US 19; the southern terminus located in Mt. Lebanon and the northern terminus in McCandless Township, connecting to US 19 at both ends. The route is notable for a large, unorthodox interchange with the Penn–Lincoln Parkway (I-376/US 22/US 30) just west of the Fort Pitt Tunnel, where the route joins the Parkway and forms several wrong-way concurrencies, including one with its own opposing directions. North of Pittsburgh, U.S. Route 19 Truck is called McKnight Road and south of Pittsburgh it carries West Liberty Avenue and Washington Road.

Title: Strawberry Park, Cheshire

Strawberry Park and Strawberry Fields are suburbs in the town of Ellesmere Port, Cheshire West and Chester. They are located to the south of Hope Farm and to the west of Backford Cross.

Title: A41 road

The A41 is a major trunk road in England that links London and Birkenhead, although it has now in parts been superseded by motorways. It passes through or near various towns and cities including Watford, Kings Langley, Hemel Hempstead, Aylesbury, Solihull, Birmingham, West Bromwich, Wolverhampton, Newport, Whitchurch, Chester and Ellesmere Port.

Title: Donald J. Hall Jr.

Donald J. Hall Jr., is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Hallmark Cards, and a director of Crown Media Holdings, a member of the board of directors of Hallmark Entertainment Holdings and of the Business Men's Assurance Company of America. He is the son of Donald J. Hall Sr., the chairman of the board and controlling shareholder of Hallmark Cards.

Title: Silver Bells (film)

Silver Bells is a 2005 made-for-television drama film starring Anne Heche and Tate Donovan. It was produced by Hallmark Entertainment as a Hallmark Hall of Fame movie and was based on the novel of the same name by Luanne Rice.

Title: La Femme Musketeer

La Femme Musketeer is a made for television movie produced by Hallmark Entertainment and Larry Levinson Productions, filmed on Draguć in Croatia. It originally premiered on June 20, 2004 on Hallmark Channel.

Title: The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns

The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns is a 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie. It stars Randy Quaid, Colm Meaney, Kieran Culkin, Roger Daltrey, Caroline Carver and Whoopi Goldberg. The film contains two main stories that eventually intertwine: the first being the story of an American businessman who visits Ireland and encounters magical leprechauns and the second, a story of a pair of star-crossed lovers who happen to be a fairy and a leprechaun, belonging to opposing sides of a magical war. It contains many references to Romeo and Juliet such as two lovers taking poison and feuding clans.

Title: The Boys Next Door (1996 film)

The Boys Next Door is a 1996 television movie based on a play by Tom Griffin which was published in 1983 under the title "Damaged Hearts, Broken Flowers" and again in 1988 under the title "The Boys Next Door". The movie was produced by Hallmark Entertainment as a Hallmark Hall of Fame Movie.

Title: Snow White: The Fairest of Them All

Snow White: The Fairest of Them All is a 2001 fantasy adventure television film co-written and directed by Caroline Thompson and produced by Hallmark Entertainment. The film was first released theatrically in Europe, and subsequently aired in the United States on ABC as part of their series on "The Wonderful World of Disney" on March 17, 2002.

Title: You Me and Captain Longbridge

You Me and Captain Longbridge (2008) is a 15 minutes short film directed by Kenny Doughty and written & produced by Caroline Carver. The film stars Callum Williams as the 11-year-old Luke, Chris Larkin as Captain Longbridge and Joseph Fiennes as the voice of Luke as an adult. The short film played in 12 International Film Festivals and won 3 awards.

Title: Caroline Carver (actress)

Caroline Carver (born 1976) is an English actress, screenwriter, and producer best known for roles such as Princess Jessica in the TV film "The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns" (1999), Ingrid in "The Aryan Couple" (2004), and Sandy in "My First Wedding" (2006).

Title: Snow Queen (2002 film)

Snow Queen is a 2002 made-for-television film made by Hallmark Entertainment, directed by David Wu, and based on the story "The Snow Queen" by Hans Christian Andersen. The film stars Bridget Fonda as the title character and Chelsea Hobbs as her rival and the story's heroine, Gerda. The film originally aired on Hallmark Channel as a two-part miniseries, but has since been released as a full-length film on DVD in the United States. The DVD came out on November 9, 2009, in the United Kingdom, and on September 2, 2011, in Australia. This was Bridget Fonda's last acting role to date.

Title: Family Plan

Family Plan is a made-for-television movie filmed in Los Angeles by Mat IV Productions in association with Alpine Media and Larry Levinson Productions and presented by Hallmark Entertainment. It premiered on February 12, 2005 on Hallmark Channel, as part of their Valentine's Day celebration. This is the feature film debut of Chloë Grace Moretz

Title: Magic in Harry Potter

In the "Harry Potter" series created by J. K. Rowling, magic is depicted as a supernatural force that can be used to override the usual laws of nature. Many fictional magical creatures exist in the series, while ordinary creatures sometimes exhibit new magical properties in the novel's world. Objects, too, can be enhanced or imbued with magical property. The small percentage of humans who are able to perform magic are referred to as witches and wizards, in contrast to the non-magical muggles.

Title: Sinbad of the Seven Seas

Sinbad of the Seven Seas is a 1989 Italian fantasy film produced and directed by Enzo G. Castellari from a story by Luigi Cozzi, revolving around the adventures of Sinbad the Sailor. Sinbad must recover five magical stones to free the city of Basra from the evil spell cast by a wizard, which his journey takes him to mysterious islands and he must battle magical creatures in order to save the world.

Title: As Cool as I Am (film)

As Cool as I Am is an American comedy-drama film based on the novel of the same name by Pete Fromm. Claire Danes, Sarah Bolger and James Marsden star as the Diamond family. The film is directed by Max Mayer, who also directed "Adam". Filming on the adaptation began in New Mexico in May 2011. The film was released in the United States on June 21, 2013 by IFC Films.

Title: Barbie and the Secret Door

Barbie and the Secret Door is a 2014 American/Canadian direct-to-video computer animated musical fantasy film, and the 28th entry in the Barbie film series. This film is directed by Karen Lloyd, produced by Mattel Entertainment and Rainmaker Entertainment and released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment, and features the voice of Kelly Sheridan as Princess Alexa. The story focuses on Alexa, a shy princess who discovers a secret door in her kingdom and enters a whimsical land filled with magical creatures.

Title: Sarah Bolger

Sarah Lee Bolger (born 28 February 1991) is an Irish actress. She is best known for her roles in the films "In America", "Stormbreaker", and "The Spiderwick Chronicles", as well as her award-winning role as Lady Mary Tudor in the TV series "The Tudors", and for guest starring as Princess Aurora in "Once Upon a Time".

Title: Identity Films

Identity Films is a production company formed by Anthony Mastromauro in 2006. The company has most recently produced the upcoming independent coming-of-age drama "As Cool As I Am", directed by Max Mayer, starring James Marsden, Claire Danes and Sarah Bolger, as well as "Moonlight Serenade" directed by Giancarlo Tallarico and starring Amy Adams, Alec Newman, and Harriet Sansom Harris, as well as Artie Lange's "Beer League" directed by Frank Sebastiano, co-starring Lange and Ralph Macchio.

Title: The Spiderwick Chronicles (film)

The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film based on the bestselling book series of the same name by Holly Black and Tony DiTerlizzi. It was directed by Mark Waters and stars Freddie Highmore, Sarah Bolger, Mary-Louise Parker, Martin Short, Nick Nolte, and Seth Rogen. Set in the Spiderwick Estate in New England, it follows the adventures of Jared Grace and his family as they discover a field guide to faeries, battle goblins, mole trolls and other magical creatures.

Title: Stormbreaker (film)

Stormbreaker (titled Alex Rider: Operation Stormbreaker in the United States) is a 2006 action spy film directed by Geoffrey Sax. The screenplay by Anthony Horowitz is based on his novel of the same name, the first novel in the "Alex Rider" series. The film stars Alex Pettyfer as Alex Rider, and also stars Mickey Rourke, Bill Nighy, Sophie Okenedo, Alicia Silverstone, Sarah Bolger, Stephen Fry and Ewan McGregor. "Stormbreaker" was an international co-production between companies and financiers from the United Kingdom, the United States, and Germany.

Title: John Ridge

John Ridge, born Skah-tle-loh-skee (Yellow Bird) (c. 1802 – June 22, 1839), was from a prominent family of the Cherokee Nation, then located in present-day Georgia. He went to Cornwall, Connecticut to study at the Foreign Mission School. He met Sarah Bird Northup, of a Yankee New England family, and they married in 1824. Soon after their return to New Echota in 1825, Ridge was chosen for the Cherokee National Council and became a leader in the tribe.

Title: The Moth Diaries (film)

The Moth Diaries is a 2011 Irish-Canadian horror film directed by Mary Harron and based on a 2002 novel "The Moth Diaries" by Rachel Klein. The film stars Lily Cole, Sarah Gadon, Sarah Bolger, Judy Parfitt, and Scott Speedman.

Title: Lincolnshire Management

Lincolnshire Management is a private equity firm focused on investments and acquisitions in middle-market companies across a range of industries. In 2010, Private Equity News ranked Lincolnshire as a top ten performing private equity firm. Additionally, In 2011, CNN Money /Fortune Magazine ranked Lincolnshire Management as the 5th ranked private equity firm.

Title: Maxeda

Maxeda (formerly Vendex KBB) is a Dutch retail group that operates do it yourself stores in Belgium and the Netherlands. Maxeda is the result of the merger of Koninklijke Bijenkorf Beheer (KBB) and Vendex. Formerly it owned large Dutch department stores. Since 2004 Maxeda is owned by a consortium of investors led by American private equity firm Kohlberg Kravis Roberts.

Title: Kohlberg Kravis Roberts

KKR & Co. L.P. (formerly known as Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co.) is an American multinational private equity firm, specializing in leveraged buyouts, headquartered in New York City. The firm sponsors and manages private equity investment funds. The firm has completed over $400 billion of private equity transactions since its inception.

Title: HGGC

HGGC is a middle-market private equity firm based in Palo Alto, California, with over $4.25 billion of cumulative capital commitments. Since inception in 2007, HGGC has completed platform investments, add-on acquisitions, recapitalizations and liquidity events with aggregate transaction value of over $12 billion, representing more than 60 individual investments with more than 46,000 portfolio company employees. The firm was named 2014 M&A Mid-Market Private Equity Firm of the Year by Mergers & Acquisitions magazine.

Title: Leeds Equity Partners

Leeds Equity Partners is a private equity firm focused on investments in the Knowledge Industries. The firm is investing its fifth private equity fund, Leeds Equity Partners V, L.P., the largest fund focused exclusively on investing in this sector. The firm's investors include a broad range of leading institutions, public and private pension plans, endowments, foundations, financial institutions, family offices and high-net-worth individuals.

Title: Manischewitz

Manischewitz is a leading brand of kosher products based in the United States, best known for their matzo and kosher wine. Founded in 1888, it became a public corporation in 1923 and remained under family control until 1990, when it was bought out by a private equity firm. On April 7, 2014, Sankaty Advisors, an arm of private equity firm Bain Capital, bought the company from a group including investment firm Harbinger. It is the world's largest matzo manufacturer and one of America's largest kosher brands.

Title: Polycom

Polycom is an American multinational corporation that develops video, voice and content collaboration and communication technology. The firm employs approximately 3,800 employees and had annual revenues of approximately $1.4 billion in 2013. It is the largest pure-play collaboration company in its industry. The company also licenses: H.264 video codecs, Siren codecs, session initiation protocol, native 1080p high-definition cameras and displays, native 720p and 1080p high-definition encoding/decoding, low-latency architecture and low bandwidth utilization, wideband advanced audio coding with low delay (AAC-LD), multichannel spatial audio with echo cancellation and interference filters to eliminate feedback from mobile devices, and inter-operation with legacy video conferencing. In July 2016, it was announced that the company was being taken private by private equity firm Siris Capital Group.

Title: Avenue Capital Group

Avenue Capital Group is a global investment firm focusing on distressed securities and private equity with regional teams focusing on opportunities in the United States, Europe and Asia. The firm operates as both a private equity firm and as a hedge fund. Avenue’s core strategy is focused on distressed debt and equity securities although the firm also manages investment funds that focus on long-short opportunities, real estate, and collateralized debt obligations. The firm manages assets valued at approximately $12 billion. The firm was founded by former professionals of Amroc Investments, an affiliate of the Robert M. Bass Group.

Title: Court Square Capital Partners

Court Square Capital Partners is a private equity firm focused on leveraged buyout transactions. Court Square was originally a captive private equity firm within Citigroup known as Citigroup Venture Capital Equity Partners. Court Square's investment professionals have invested over $4.5 billion in more than 150 transactions, which have returned $14 billion to date.

Title: Mekong Capital

Mekong Capital is a Vietnam-focused private equity firm. Operating in Vietnam since 2001, Mekong Capital is one of the first private equity firms to engage Vietnam, and has completed 30 private equity investments in Vietnam through 4 funds with approximately 25 full-time employees. Mekong Capital has offices in Ho Chi Minh City, Hanoi. Focusing on manufacturing companies until 2005, Mekong Capital shifted its focus towards consumer-driven businesses in 2006. Mekong Capital is known as a private equity firm that has invested significant resources in the development of its corporate culture, and in the corporate cultures of its portfolio companies, and is the subject of several case studies.

Title: Love Beats Rhymes

Love Beats Rhymes (working title "Coco") is an upcoming American musical drama film directed by RZA. The film stars Azealia Banks as a twenty five-year-old female rapper from Brooklyn, New York who wants to pursue a music career. The film also stars Lorraine Toussaint, Jill Scott, Lucien Laviscount, MC Jin, Hana Mae Lee, and Common. The film is awaiting release by CodeBlack Films and Lionsgate.

Title: The Bye Bye Man

The Bye Bye Man is a 2017 American supernatural horror film directed by Stacy Title and written by Jonathan Penner, based on the chapter "The Bridge to Body Island" in Robert Damon Schneck's book "The President's Vampire". The film stars Douglas Smith, Lucien Laviscount, Cressida Bonas, Doug Jones, Carrie-Anne Moss, Faye Dunaway and Jenna Kanell.

Title: Princess Olga of Hanover

Princess Olga of Hanover and Cumberland (German: "Olga Adelaide Louise Marie Alexandrina Agnes Prinzessin von Hannover und Cumberland" ; 11 July 1884 – 21 September 1958) was the youngest daughter of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover (1845–1923) and Princess Thyra of Denmark (1853–1933), the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark (1818–1906) and Louise of Hesse-Kassel (1817–1898). Olga was a great-great-granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom (1738–1820) and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz (1744–1818).

Title: Sian Powers

Sian Powers is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera, "Coronation Street", portrayed by Sacha Parkinson. Sian was introduced as a love interest for Sophie Webster (Brooke Vincent). Sian joined the cast of "Coronation Street" alongside Ben Richardson (Lucien Laviscount) in January 2009 as Sophie's schoolmates. They soon form a new group of teenagers along with Ryan Connor (Ben Thompson). Sian and girlfriend Sophie are "Coronation Street's" first lesbian couple. It was announced on 29 May 2011 that Parkinson had quit her role, and she made her last on screen appearance on 30 December 2011.

Title: One Night in Istanbul

One Night in Istanbul, also known as One Night in Istanbul: The Movie, is a British comedy-drama film, directed by James Marquand and produced/written by Nicky Allt. The film stars Steven Waddington, Paul Barber, Lucien Laviscount, Samantha Womack, and Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson. It is based on the play of the same name by Nicky Allt.

Title: Lady Alexandra Curzon

Lady Alexandra Naldera Curzon, CBE (20 March/April 1904 – 7 August 1995), was the third daughter of George Curzon, 1st Marquess Curzon of Kedleston and Viceroy of India, and Lord Curzon's first wife, the American mercantile heiress, Mary Victoria Curzon, Baroness Curzon of Kedleston (née Leiter). She was named after her godmother, Queen Alexandra and her place of conception, Naldehra, India. She and her two older sisters were memorialized by Anne de Courcy in "The Viceroy's Daughters: The Lives of the Curzon Sisters".

Title: Gelston Castle

Gelston Castle, located between Castle Douglas and Kirkcudbright, in Dumfries and Galloway, Great Britain, was built for Sir William Douglas of Castle Douglas, who had acquired the lands of Gelston in 1799. However, Sir William Douglas died without issue in 1809 and his property was divided between various nieces and nephews, with Gelston going to the youngest daughter of his brother James, Mathilda Douglas. In 1813 Mathilda married William Maitland, and their family continued to preside over the estate for most of the 19th Century. Gelston then became the property of the Galliers-Pratts who retained the castle for pheasant shooting, and from whom it was requisitioned during World War II. During this time it served as a home for handicapped boys evacuated from Glasgow, before the roof was removed once this use had ceased.

Title: Cressida Bonas

Cressida Curzon Bonas (born 18 February 1989) is an English actress, dancer and model. She is the youngest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and entrepreneur Jeffrey Bonas, and a granddaughter of Edward Curzon, 6th Earl Howe.

Title: Bottom of the World (film)

Bottom of the World is a 2017 drama film. It was directed by Richard Sears, written by Brian Gottlieb and stars Jena Malone, Douglas Smith and Ted Levine.

Title: Chainsaw (Scream Queens)

"Chainsaw" is the third episode of the horror black comedy series "Scream Queens". It premiered on September 29, 2015 on Fox. The episode was both directed and written by Ian Brennan. In this episode, the Red Devil continues the terror on campus using a chainsaw. Chanel (Emma Roberts) finds a new project in Hester (Lea Michele), and Dean Munsch (Jamie Lee Curtis) appoints a new Wallace University mascot while trying to separate Gigi (Nasim Pedrad) and Wes (Oliver Hudson)'s budding relationship as Chad (Glen Powell) and Earl Grey (Lucien Laviscount) lead their fraternity on a witch hunt for the Red Devil.

Title: Richmond Valley Council

Richmond Valley Council (RVC) is a local government area on the Northern Rivers region of north-eastern New South Wales, Australia. RVC services an area of 3051 km2 and draws its name from the Richmond River, which flows through most of the council area. The area under management is located adjacent to the Bruxner Highway, Pacific Highway, and the North Coast railway line.

Title: Wollongbar, New South Wales

Wollongbar is a town (2011 population: 2,396) in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia. The town is located on the Bruxner Highway between the towns of Lismore and Alstonville.

Title: Casino, New South Wales

Casino is a town in the Northern Rivers area of New South Wales, Australia, with a population of 9,629 people at the 2011 census . It lies on the banks of the Richmond River and is situated at the junction of the Bruxner Highway and the Summerland Way.

Title: Tabulam

Tabulam is a rural village in the far north-east of New South Wales, Australia, 800 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney. Tabulam is located on the Bruxner Highway (Highway 44) between Tenterfield and Casino and on the Clarence River. According to the 2006 Census, there were 573 people living in Tabulam. Tabulam is locally administered by Kyogle Council.

Title: Mummulgum

Mummulgum is a small rural village in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia, 740 kilometres from the state capital, Sydney. Mummulgum is located on Shannon Brook between Tenterfield and Casino on the Bruxner Highway (Highway 44). It is 58 km south-west of Kyogle with the village and surrounding area being locally administered by Kyogle Council. The nearest large town is Casino which is 27 kilometres east of Mummulgum.

Title: Bruxner Highway

The Bruxner Highway is a 420 km state highway located in New South Wales, Australia. The highway forms an east-west link from the Northern Rivers coast, across the Northern Tablelands in northern New South Wales, close to the border with Queensland.

Title: Alstonville, New South Wales

Alstonville (2011 population: 5,648) is a town in northern New South Wales, Australia, part of the region known as the Northern Rivers. Alstonville is on the Bruxner Highway between the town of Ballina (13 km to the east) and city of Lismore (19 km to the west). The village of Wollongbar is 4 km to the west of Alstonville. Alstonville is the service centre of the area known as the Alstonville Plateau.

Title: Tenterfield, New South Wales

Tenterfield is a town in New South Wales, Australia. It is located in the New England region at the intersection of the New England and Bruxner Highway's. Tenterfield is a three-hour drive from Brisbane, Queensland, three hours from Byron Bay, New South Wales, two hours from Armidale, New South Wales and eight hours from Sydney. The town is situated on the north-western part of the Northern Tableland plateau, nestled in a valley, astride the Great Dividing Range and beneath the imposing Mount MacKenzie (1,287m elevation). At the 2015 census , Tenterfield had a population of 6,986.

Title: Bonshaw, New South Wales

Bonshaw is a village in New South Wales, Australia 783 km north of Sydney. In 2006 the village had a population of 171 people in the district. It is located near the northern border of the State close to Texas, Queensland, from which it is separated by the Dumaresq River which forms the border between the states. Bonshaw is located in Inverell Shire and Arrawatta County. It is on the Bruxner Highway between Tenterfield and Goondiwindi. It is a village designed to serve the needs of the agricultural holdings in the area.

Title: Goonellabah, New South Wales

Goonellabah is the eastern suburb of Lismore, New South Wales, Australia, and is on the Bruxner Highway. At the 2006 census, Goonellabah had a population of 12,527 people.

Title: Jory Prum

Jory Prum (January 31, 1975 – April 22, 2016), also known as Jory K. Prum, was an American audio engineer, best known for his work in film and video games. He was the owner of a recording studio located in the San Francisco Bay Area.

Title: Oakland, California

Oakland is the largest city and the county seat of Alameda County, California, United States. A major West Coast port city, Oakland is the largest city in the East Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, the third largest city overall in the San Francisco Bay Area, the eighth largest city in California, and the 45th largest city in the United States, with a population of 419,267 as of 2015 . It serves as a trade center for the San Francisco Bay Area; its Port of Oakland is the busiest port in the San Francisco Bay, the entirety of Northern California, and the fifth busiest in the United States of America. The city was incorporated in 1852.

Title: Ragazzi Boys Chorus

The Ragazzi Boys Chorus is a boys' and young men's chorus in the San Francisco Bay Area San Francisco Bay Area and is known for winning a Grammy Award for Best Classical Album in 2000 for its participation in Perséphone with the San Francisco Symphony. The chorus was formed in 1987 with 6 boys, and it now includes more than 170 singers from 86 schools in 26 Bay Area communities including San Mateo, Santa Clara and Santa Cruz counties. The choir has placed highly in numerous international competitions. It also auditions the most singers to either national or state American Choral Directors Association honor choirs each year.

Title: Codornices Creek

Codornices Creek (sometimes spelled and/or pronounced "Cordonices"), 2.0 mi long, is one of the principal creeks which runs out of the Berkeley Hills in the East Bay area of the San Francisco Bay Area in California. In its upper stretch, it passes entirely within the city limits of Berkeley, and marks the city limit with the adjacent city of Albany in its lower section. Before European settlement, Codornices probably had no direct, permanent connection to San Francisco Bay. Like many other small creeks, it filtered through what early maps show as grassland to a large, northward-running salt marsh and slough that also carried waters from Marin Creek and Schoolhouse Creek. A channel was cut through in the 19th Century, and Codornices flows directly to San Francisco Bay by way of a narrow remnant slough adjacent to Golden Gate Fields racetrack.

Title: Association of Bay Area Governments

The Association of Bay Area Governments (ABAG) is a regional planning agency incorporating various local governments in the San Francisco Bay Area in California. It encompasses nine counties surrounding the San Francisco Bay. Those counties are Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Napa, San Francisco, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Solano, and Sonoma. It has the ability to establish housing and transportation goals for cities to minimize urban sprawl by that requiring housing be zoned for near new workplace construction. It deals with land use, housing, environmental quality, and economic development. Non-profit organizations as well as governmental organizations can be members. All nine counties and 101 cities within the Bay Area are voluntary members of ABAG.

Title: San Francisco Bay Area Water Trail

The San Francisco Bay Area Water Trail is a growing network of launch and landing sites that allow people in non-motorized small boats and beachable sail craft such as kayaks, canoes, dragon boats, stand up paddle and windsurf boards, to safely enjoy San Francisco Bay through single and multiple-day trips. The Water Trail is enhancing Bay Area communities’ connections to the Bay and creating new linkages to existing shoreline open spaces and other regional trails as well as increasing education about personal safety, navigational safety, and appropriate boating behavior near sensitive wildlife species and shoreline habitat. The Water Trail is implemented under the leadership of the California Coastal Conservancy in close collaboration with the Association of Bay Area Governments, the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commission, and the California Department of Boating and Waterways.

Title: Old and in the Way (album)

Old and in the Way is the self-titled first album by the bluegrass band Old and in the Way. It was recorded 8 October 1973 at the Boarding House in San Francisco by Owsley Stanley and Vickie Babcock utilizing eight microphones (four per channel) mixed live onto a stereo Nagra tape recorder. The caricature album cover was illustrated by Greg Irons. For many years it was the top selling bluegrass album of all time , until that title was taken by the soundtrack album for O Brother, Where Art Thou.

Title: Key System

The Key System (or Key Route) was a privately owned company that provided mass transit in the cities of Oakland, Berkeley, Alameda, Emeryville, Piedmont, San Leandro, Richmond, Albany and El Cerrito in the eastern San Francisco Bay Area from 1903 until 1960, when it was sold to a newly formed public agency, AC Transit. The Key System consisted of local streetcar and bus lines in the East Bay, and commuter rail and bus lines connecting the East Bay to San Francisco by a ferry pier on San Francisco Bay, later via the lower deck of the Bay Bridge. At its height during the 1940s, the Key System had over 66 mi of track. The local streetcars were discontinued in 1948 and the commuter trains to San Francisco were discontinued in 1958. The Key System's territory is today served by BART and AC Transit bus service.

Title: Owsley Stanley

Owsley Stanley (born Augustus Owsley Stanley III, January 19, 1935 – March 12, 2011) was an American audio engineer and clandestine chemist. He was a key figure in the San Francisco Bay Area hippie movement during the 1960s and played a pivotal role in the counterculture of the 1960s. Under the professional name Bear, he was the soundman for the rock band the Grateful Dead, whom he met when Ken Kesey invited them to an Acid Test party. As their sound engineer, Stanley frequently recorded live tapes behind his mixing board, designed their trademark skull logo, and developed their Wall of Sound sound system, one of the largest mobile public address systems ever constructed.

Title: Gary Arlington

Gary Edson Arlington (October 7, 1938 – January 16, 2014) was an American retailer, artist, editor, and publisher, who became a key figure in the underground comix movement of the 1960s and 1970s. As owner of America's first comic book store, the San Francisco Comic Book Company, located in San Francisco's Mission District, Arlington's establishment became a focal point for the Bay Area's underground artists. He published comics under the name San Francisco Comic Book Company as well as Eric Fromm (not connected to the German critical theorist). Cartoonist Robert Crumb has noted, "Gary made a cultural contribution in San Francisco in the late '60s, through the '70s, '80s & '90s that was more significant than he realizes."

Title: Columba de Dunbar

Columba de Dunbar ( 1386 – 1435) was Bishop of Moray from 1422 until his death at Spynie Palace near Elgin sometime before 7 November 1435.

Title: Earl of Dunbar

The title Earl of Dunbar, also called Earl of Lothian or Earl of March, was the head of a comital lordship in south-eastern Scotland between the early 12th century and the early 15th century. The first man to use the title of Earl in this earldom was Gospatric II, Earl of Lothian, son of Gospatric, Earl of Northumbria. It descended to George de Dunbar, 11th Earl of March, who was forfeited by parliament of his titles & estates in 1435, and retired into obscurity in England. His son Patrick retained a barony at Kilconquhar in Fife.

Title: George II, Earl of March

George de Dunbar, 11th Earl of Dunbar & March Lord of Annandale and the Isle of Man, (c. 1370 – after 1457) was the last of his family to hold these titles.

Title: Haripur Barabari

Haripur Barabari (Bengali: হরিপুর বড়বাড়ি ), is a palace in Horipur Union of Nasirnagar Upazila at Brahmanbaria district, Bangladesh earlier known as East Bengal. This palace founded by Jamindar Krishna Prasad Roy Choudhury(1870-1936) in eighteenth century.

Title: Gospatric, Earl of Northumbria

Gospatric or Cospatric (from the Cumbric "Servant of Saint Patrick"), (died after 1073), was Earl of Northumbria, or of Bernicia, and later lord of sizable estates around Dunbar. While his paternal ancestry is uncertain, his descendants held the Earldom of Dunbar, later known as the Earldom of March, in south-east Scotland until 1435.

Title: Patrick IV, Earl of March

Patrick IV, Earl of March (1242 – 10 October 1308), sometimes called Patrick de Dunbar "8th" Earl of March, was the most important magnate in the border regions of Scotland. He was one of the Competitors for the Crown of Scotland.

Title: George I, Earl of March

George de Dunbar, 10th Earl of Dunbar and March (1338–1420), 12th Lord of Annandale and Lord of the Isle of Man, was "one of the most powerful nobles in Scotland of his time, and the rival of the Douglases."

Title: Mike Dunbar

Mike Dunbar (December 31, 1948 – September 13, 2013) was an American football and baseball coach. He served as the head football coach at Central Washington University in 1983 and from 1987 to 1991 and at the University of Northern Iowa from 1997 to 2000, compiling a career college football coaching record of 83–24–1. Dunbar was also the head baseball coach at Central Washington for one season, in 1983, tallying mark of 25–20–1. He graduated from the University of Washington in 1972 with a B.A. in education and from Pacific Lutheran University in 1979 with an M.A. in education. Dunbar died of cancer on September 13, 2013, in his hometown of Dupont, Washington, at the age of 64.

Title: Spynie Palace

Spynie Palace, also known as Spynie Castle, was the fortified seat of the Bishops of Moray for about 500 years. The founding of the palace dates back to the late 12th Century. It is situated at Grid Ref NJ 230658, about 500m from the location of the first officially settled Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Moray, in present-day Spynie Churchyard. For most of its occupied history, the castle was not described as a "palace" — this term first appeared in the Registry of Moray in a writ of 1524.

Title: Bishop Dunbar's Hospital

Bishop Dunbar's Hospital was founded in 1531 by Bishop Gavin Dunbar, the Elder. The hospital was endowed by a mortification just before his death. Dunbar petitioned the King, James V of Scotland, and the charter, signed on 24 February 1531 records the King’s approval that ‘[Dunbar shall] ... "found an hospital near the cathedral church, but outside the cemetery"...’ It was also known as St Mary's Hospital. In the mortification, Dunbar's charitable purpose is recorded. Bedesmen were supported by a charitable foundation that emerged from the original church control until the twenty-first century. Bedesmen drew their name from the word "bede" - a prayer. The residents of Dunbar's Hospital said prayers in a cycle of Divine Office. The Bede House, Old Aberdeen was used by the Bedesmen from the hospital from 1789 to the end of the nineteenth century. The only remains of the 1531 building can be seen in a perimeter wall for Seaton Park in Old Aberdeen. The last Bedesman died in 1988. The Managers of the Hospital constituted a Charity, Bishop Dunbar Hospital Trust. The Charity ceased active operation in 2012.

Title: Old US 67 Rest Area

The Old US 67 Rest Area is a historic roadside rest area in rural Clark County, Arkansas. It is located in on the west side of U.S. Route 67 (US 67) and an old paved section formerly designated Highway 51, between the small towns of Curtis and Gum Springs. The rest area consists of a semicircular fieldstone retaining wall, which is segmented by six fieldstone pillars. A semicircular concrete bench stands facing a fieldstone well. The rest area was built five years after US 67 was paved in 1931, by the National Youth Administration, a federal New Deal agency, and the state highway department.

Title: Philadelphia Baseball Wall of Fame

The Philadelphia Baseball Wall of Fame is a collection of plaques, mounted on a brick wall in the Ashburn Alley section of Citizens Bank Park, the ballpark of the Philadelphia Phillies. From 1978 to 2003, the Phillies inducted one figure from their franchise history and one notable person from the Philadelphia Athletics (A's) organization each year—with the exception of 1983, when the Phillies inducted their Centennial Team. Once Veterans Stadium closed in 2003, the wall plaques used to recognize the Phillies' members were moved to Citizens Bank Park; however, the Phillies no longer induct notable Athletics. Each person inducted into the Wall of Fame was honored with a metal plaque showing the person's face; their position with, and years of service to, the team; and a summary of their most important contributions. In March 2004, the Athletics' plaques were relocated to the Philadelphia Athletics Historical Society in Hatboro, Pennsylvania, and a single plaque listing all of the A's inductees was attached to a statue of Connie Mack located across the street from Citizens Bank Park.

Title: Ouch! (gum)

Ouch! is a type of sugar-free bubble gum made by the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company under the Hubba Bubba brand name. By the 1990s, the gum was available in the flavors of grape, watermelon, and strawberry. Each stick of gum was wrapped with paper made to look like a bandage and was packaged in a metallic container similar to that of a bandage box. In October 2009, the gum was redesigned to have a new look and packaging, and is now also available in bubblegum flavor. Each pack comes with one of a possible twenty collectable games inside.

Title: Hollywood Star Lanes

Hollywood Star Lanes was a 32-lane bowling alley located on Santa Monica Boulevard in Los Angeles, California. Open from 1960 to 2002, the alley was featured in the movies "The Big Lebowski" and "The Big Empty", which was filmed on location over three weeks of the eleven-week filming schedule. In 2002, the alley was closed after the Los Angeles Unified School District seized the land by eminent domain, with the goal of building an elementary school at the site.

Title: Digital Media Factory

The Digital Media Factory is a multi-media design, production and post-production facility founded by Marty Collins and wife, Ginny Mitchell along with partners Ned Hearn and Brian Critchlow. They are located in Santa Cruz, California in the former Wrigley Gum manufacturing facility located at 2809 Mission Street on the west end of Santa Cruz.

Title: Up Your Alley Fair

The Up Your Alley Fair, most commonly referred to by locals as Dore Alley Fair or simply Dore Alley is a leather and fetish event held in San Francisco, California on the last Sunday of July on Folsom Street between 9th and 10th Streets and on Dore Street from Howard Street to half a block southeast of Folsom Street. The streets are lined with vendors' booths, and a sound stage (for dancing) is located at the 10th Street end of Folsom Street.

Title: Lower Louviers and Chicken Alley

Lower Louviers and Chicken Alley, also known as Louviers and Duck Street, is a historic home located near Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1811, and is a two- to three-story, five bay, stuccoed stone dwelling. The three center bays project slightly from the main body of the house. In 1935, a kitchen wing was added to the other end of the house plus a gated wall and garage. The house was owned by the Du Pont family. Also on the property is "Chicken Alley," an excellent example of the 19th century workers' row house.

Title: Bubblegum Alley

Bubblegum Alley is a tourist attraction in downtown San Luis Obispo, California, known for its accumulation of used bubble gum on the walls of an alley. It is a 15 ft high and 70 ft long alley lined with chewed gum left by passers-by. It covers a stretch of 20 meters in the 700 block of Higuera Street in downtown San Luis Obispo.

Title: San Luis Obispo, California

San Luis Obispo ( ; Spanish for "St. Louis, the Bishop [of Toulouse]"), or SLO for short, is a city in the U.S. state of California, located roughly midway between Los Angeles and San Francisco on the Central Coast. The population was 45,119 at the 2010 census. The population of San Luis Obispo County was 269,637 in 2010.

Title: Gum Wall

The Market Theater Gum Wall is a brick wall covered in used chewing gum, in an alleyway in downtown Seattle. It is located in Post Alley under Pike Place Market. Similar to Bubblegum Alley in San Luis Obispo, California, the Market Theater Gum Wall is a local landmark. Parts of the wall can be covered several inches thick, 15 feet high for 50 feet.

Title: Parkway Field

Parkway Field is the name of a minor league baseball and college baseball park that stood in Louisville, Kentucky. It was home to the Louisville Colonels of the American Association from 1923 into the mid-1950s, the Louisville Buckeyes of the Negro American League in 1949, and then of the University of Louisville team for several decades until they abandoned it in 1998 and moved to Cardinal Stadium. Prior to its demolition, Parkway Field had become a home run haven for U of L Head Coach Gene Baker's "Over the Wall Gang." The Cards led NCAA Division I in long balls in 1991 and 1992 while finishing runnerup in 1995. The 1991 squad featured six Cardinals who tallied at least 15 roundtrippers each, Richie Hawks, Rob Newman, Greg Gooding, Dan Kopriva, Charlie Allen, and Darren Oppel. The 1992 club also topped the nation in team batting average and team slugging percentage.

Title: Dead or Alive 5 Plus

Dead or Alive 5 Plus (stylized as "Dead or Alive 5+" and abbreviated to "DOA5+") is a fighting game in the "Dead or Alive" series, developed by Team Ninja in partnership with Sega AM2 and released by Tecmo Koei for the PlayStation Vita in March 2013. An expanded handheld port of the 2012 game "Dead or Alive 5", "DOA5+" was met with positive critical reception, gaining better scores than the original.

Title: 1989 Fiesta Bowl

The 1989 Sunkist Fiesta Bowl, played on January 2, 1989, was the 18th edition of the Fiesta Bowl. The game featured the Notre Dame Fighting Irish, and the West Virginia Mountaineers. With both teams coming into the game undefeated, the Fiesta Bowl was the stage for the "National Championship" for the second time in three years. As in 1987, the Fiesta Bowl featured two independent schools squaring off for the national title. However, it was not a #1 vs. #2 matchup as the second-ranked Miami Hurricanes, like Notre Dame and West Virginia independent, chose to play in the Orange Bowl.

Title: 1956 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1956 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 19th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. 1956 would be the last year for unseeded teams going into the tournament. The championship game featured McNeese State University (La.) and Texas Southern University. It was the first and only appearance for the McNeese State made in the NAIA tournament. The Cowboys beat the Tigers 60 to 55. The third place game featured Pittsburg State University (Ks.) Gorillas who defeated the Wheaton College (Ill.) Thunder 77 to 70. This tournament featured six all-time leading scorers.

Title: 2008 Fiesta Bowl

The 2008 Tostitos Fiesta Bowl was a college football bowl game. It was part of the 2007–2008 Bowl Championship Series (BCS) of the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Played annually since 1971, first at Sun Devil Stadium on the campus of Arizona State University in Tempe, Arizona through 2006, the game was played at 8 p.m. EST on January 2, 2008, at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. The game featured the fourth ranked (BCS), Big 12 champion Oklahoma Sooners hosting the ninth ranked (BCS), Big East champion West Virginia Mountaineers. West Virginia defeated Oklahoma by a score of 48–28. The contest was televised on Fox.

Title: List of NBL Canada All-Stars

The National Basketball League of Canada (NBL) All-Star Game is an annual exhibition basketball played between the Central and Atlantic Division All-Stars. Ten players—five starters and five reserves—from each division are chosen from the league's rosters. The following is a list of NBL Canada All-Stars, players who have been selected by the coaches to compete in the prestigious event at the All-Star Weekend. No player has played in three or more All-Star Games, especially due to the exclusion of the 2015 game, but ten have competed at this stage on multiple occasions. Joey Haywood and Eddie Smith were the captains of the 2012 game, in which the All-Stars were divided into teams regardless of which division their team played in.

Title: 2013 Sugar Bowl

The 2013 Allstate Sugar Bowl was a postseason college football bowl game on Wednesday, January 2, 2013, at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana. The game featured the Florida Gators of the SEC and the Louisville Cardinals of the Big East. The game was broadcast live on ESPN at 8:30 PM ET. Louisville was selected to their first Sugar Bowl after a 10-2 regular season that culminated in a share of the Big East title. Florida was picked as the other half of the matchup following an 11–1 campaign.

Title: 2012 Louisville Cardinals football team

The 2012 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Cardinals were led by third-year head coach Charlie Strong and played their home games at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium. They were a member of the Big East Conference. They finished the season 11–2, 5–2 in Big East play to finish in a four-way tie for the Big East championship. As the highest rated of the four Big East champions in the final BCS poll, the Cardinals received the conference's automatic bid into a BCS game. They were invited to the Sugar Bowl where they defeated Florida.

Title: 1989 Cotton Bowl Classic

The 1989 Mobil Cotton Bowl Classic was a college football bowl game played on January 2, 1989, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas. The game was played on January 2, the day after New Year's Day, since New Year's Day fell on a Sunday. The bowl game featured the Arkansas Razorbacks from the Southwest Conference and the UCLA Bruins from the Pacific-10 Conference and was televised in the United States on CBS. Troy Aikman, the UCLA quarterback and LaSalle Harper, an Arkansas linebacker were named the Most Valuable Players of the game.

Title: 1943 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament

The 1943 NAIA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was held in March at Municipal Auditorium in Kansas City, Missouri. The 7th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. The championship game featured Southeast Missouri State University defeating Northwest Missouri State University 34 to 32. This was the first tournament to feature a championship game between two teams from the same state, Missouri, playing in Missouri. The 3rd place game featured the first overtime in the NAIA Final Four history when North Texas State University defeated Murray State College 59 to 55 in one overtime.

Title: Gimme Shelter (disambiguation)

"Gimme Shelter" is a song by The Rolling Stones.

Title: Merry Clayton

Merry Clayton (born December 25, 1948) is an American soul and gospel singer and an actress. She provided a number of backing vocal tracks for major performing artists in the 1960s, most notably in her duet with Mick Jagger on the Rolling Stones song "Gimme Shelter." Clayton is featured in "20 Feet from Stardom", the Oscar-winning documentary about background singers and their contributions to the music industry. In 2013, she released "The Best of Merry Clayton", a compilation of her favorite songs.

Title: Gimme Shelter (album)

Gimme Shelter is a compilation by The Rolling Stones, released on Decca Records in 1971. It reached #19 on the U.K chart.

Title: Baird Bryant

Wenzell Baird Bryant (Columbus, Indiana, December 12, 1927 – Hemet, California, November 13, 2008) was an American filmmaker. He is best known as the cameraman on the Albert Maysles film "Gimme Shelter" who filmed the fatal stabbing of Rolling Stones concertgoer Meredith Hunter by Hells Angel Alan Passaro at the Altamont Free Concert in December 1969.

Title: Stanton Y. Hill

Stanton Hill is an American broadcast producer and voice actor. He has produced television commercials for clients such as Pepsi, Activision, Nissan, Budweiser, McDonald's, Energizer, Jimmy Dean, and Visa. In 2007 he produced the award winning short film "Stars" starring Kevin Durand and directed by Jason Eli Lewis. In 2011 Hill produced the launch commercial for Call of Duty: Black Ops featuring Kobe Bryant and the Rolling Stones "Gimme Shelter".

Title: LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton

LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton is a 2001 American documentary film directed by Deborah Dickson, Susan Frömke and Albert Maysles. It was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.

Title: Altamont Diary

Alamont Diary is the debut album by Melbourne electronica band Black Cab. Released in 2004, it is a concept album based on the ill-fated 1969 free concert at Altamont Speedway in California headlined by the Rolling Stones. The album, whose genre is described a psych-country, features audio samples of former Stones tour manager Sam Cutler, taken from the 1970 documentary film "Gimme Shelter".

Title: Gimme Shelter (1970 film)

Gimme Shelter is a 1970 documentary film directed by Albert and David Maysles and Charlotte Zwerin chronicling the last weeks of The Rolling Stones' 1969 US tour which culminated in the disastrous Altamont Free Concert. The film is named after "Gimme Shelter", the lead track from the group's 1969 album "Let It Bleed". The film was screened at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival, but was not entered into the main competition.

Title: Keith Richards

Keith Richards (born 18 December 1943) is an English guitarist, singer, songwriter, and author, best known as a founder member of the rock band the Rolling Stones. " Rolling Stone" magazine credited Richards for "rock's greatest single body of riffs" on guitar and ranked him 4th on its list of 100 best guitarists. Fourteen songs that Richards wrote with the Rolling Stones' lead vocalist Mick Jagger are listed among "Rolling Stone" magazine's "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". The Stones are generally known for their guitar interplay of rhythm and lead ("weaving") between Richards and Brian Jones, Mick Taylor and Ronnie Wood over the years. In spite of this, Richards plays the only guitar tracks on some of their most famous songs including "Paint It Black", "Ruby Tuesday", "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Gimme Shelter".

Title: Gimme Shelter

"Gimme Shelter" is the opening track to the 1969 album Let It Bleed by the Rolling Stones. Although the first word was spelled "Gimmie" on that album, subsequent recordings by the band and other musicians have made "Gimme" the customary spelling. Greil Marcus, writing in "Rolling Stone" magazine at the time of its release, praised the song, stating that the band has "never done anything better."

Title: Struggle for Rome (board game)

Catan Histories: Struggle for Rome is a 2006 German-style board game based on the game mechanics of "Settlers of Catan", depicting the fall of the Western Roman Empire. The game is created by Klaus Teuber, the creator of "Settlers", and is published under license from Catan GmbH by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English. It is the second game in the "Catan Histories" series of board games. Often games produced in different languages by different publishers have slight rule differences between the versions. Catan Histories: Struggle for Rome is no exception.

Title: The Kids of Catan

The Kids of Catan is a German board game designed for children using the theme from "The Settlers of Catan". Like other Catan titles, the game is created by Klaus Teuber and published by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English.

Title: The Rivals for Catan

The Rivals for Catan (German: "Die Fürsten von Catan" ) is an updated revision of the "Catan Card Game", a card game adaptation of "The Settlers of Catan". The game was released in 2010. It is a member of the "Catan" series of games, and is published by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English. Like its predecessor, "The Rivals for Catan" is a two-player game. As with the "Catan Adventures" series of games, the theme is based on the Rebecca Gablé novel "The Settlers of Catan", a novel based on the original board game.

Title: Pirate's Cove

Pirate's Cove (in German, Piratenbucht) is a board game designed by Paul Randles and Daniel Stahl, originally published in Germany in 2002 by Amigo Spiele, illustrated by Markus Wagner and Swen Papenbrock. In 2003, Days of Wonder republished the game with a new graphic design from Julien Delval and Cyrille Daujean. In the game, players play pirate ship captains seeking treasure from islands and bragging rights from defeating other pirates in naval combat.

Title: Catan: Seafarers

Catan: Seafarers, or Seafarers of Catan in older editions, (German: "Die Seefahrer von Catan" ) is an expansion of the board game "The Settlers of Catan" for three to four players (five-to-six-player play is also possible with both of the respective five-to-six-player extensions). The main feature of this expansion is the addition of ships, gold rivers, and the pirate to the game, allowing play between multiple islands. The expansion also provides numerous scenarios, some of which have custom rules. The "Seafarers" rules and scenarios are also, for the most part, compatible with "" and "".

Title: Catan Card Game

The Catan Card Game, originally named The Settlers of Catan: The Card Game, is a card game adaptation of "The Settlers of Catan". It is a member of the "Catan" series of games, and is published by Kosmos in German, and Mayfair Games in English. The "Catan Card Game" is a two-player game, although the rules can be accommodated as to allow players to share a set or for each player to have their own. Seven expansions of the "Catan Card Game" have been released.

Title: Catan: Cities &amp; Knights

Catan: Cities & Knights (German: "Städte und Ritter" ), formerly "The Cities and Knights of Catan" is an expansion to the board game "The Settlers of Catan" for three to four players (five to six player play is also possible with the "Settlers" and "Cities & Knights" five to six player extensions; two-player play is possible with the "" expansion). It contains features taken from "The Settlers of Catan", with emphasis on city development and the use of knights, which are used as a method of attacking other players as well as helping opponents defend Catan against a common foe. "Cities & Knights" can also be combined with the "" expansion or with scenarios (again, five to six player play only possible with the applicable five to six player extension(s)).

Title: Catan

The Settlers of Catan, sometimes shortened to Catan or Settlers, is a multiplayer board game designed by Klaus Teuber and first published in 1995 in Germany by Franckh-Kosmos Verlag (Kosmos) as Die Siedler von Catan. Players assume the roles of settlers, each attempting to build and develop holdings while trading and acquiring resources. Players are awarded points as their settlements grow; the first to reach a set number of points, typically 10, is the winner. The game and its many expansions are also published by Mayfair Games, Filosofia, Capcom, 999 Games, Κάισσα, and Devir.

Title: Catan Dice Game

Catan Dice Game is a German-style board game, developed by Klaus Teuber and published in 2007 by Catan GmbH and its licensors, Kosmos in Germany and Mayfair Games in English-speaking countries. It is a dice game re-imagining of Teuber's most notable title, "Settlers of Catan". "Catan Dice Game" can be played by any number of players, but is ideally suited for up to four. A variation, known as "Catan Dice Game Plus", is freely available from the "Catan" website, whose gameplay is closer to its "Settlers" origins.

Title: Elasund

Elasund: The First City (German: "Elasund - Die erste Stadt" ; ] ) is a German-style board game designed by Klaus Teuber. It is the second game in the "Catan Adventures" series (the first being ""), a series of spinoff games based on the theme from Teuber's hit game "The Settlers of Catan" as well as its German-language novelization by Rebecca Gablé. As a game in the "Catan" series, it is published by Kosmos in German and Mayfair Games in English. Despite the thematic connection between "Elasund" and "Settlers", the two games have completely different mechanics.

Title: List of Tomb Raider media

Tomb Raider is a media franchise consisting of action-adventure games, comic books, novels, theme park rides, and movies, centring on the adventures of the female fictional British archaeologist Lara Croft. Since the release of the original "Tomb Raider" in 1996, the series developed into a lucrative franchise of related media, and Lara went on to become a major icon of the video game industry. The "Guinness Book of World Records" has recognised Lara Croft as the "Most Successful Human Videogame Heroine" in 2006. Six games in the series were developed by Core Design, and the latest four by Crystal Dynamics. All the games were first published by Eidos Interactive, now Eidos officially became part of Square Enix on 22 April 2009, meaning Square Enix owns the rights to the "Tomb Raider" trademark and characters of the franchise. To date two movies, "" and "", have been produced starring American actress Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft. A reboot was announced in 2016.

Title: Tomb Raider

Tomb Raider, also known as Lara Croft: Tomb Raider between 2001 and 2007, is a media franchise that originated with an action-adventure video game series created by British gaming company Core Design. Formerly owned by Eidos Interactive, then by Square Enix after their acquisition of Eidos in 2009, the franchise focuses on a fictional English archaeologist Lara Croft, who travels around the world searching for lost artifacts and infiltrating dangerous tombs and ruins. The gameplay generally focuses around action-adventure exploration of environments, solving puzzles, navigating hostile environments filled with traps, and fighting numerous enemies. Additional media has grown up around the theme in the form of film adaptations, comics and novels.

Title: Lara Croft Go

Lara Croft Go is a 2015 turn-based puzzle video game in the "Tomb Raider" series. The player moves Lara Croft as a puzzle piece through a board game while avoiding obstacles and manipulating the environment. The developers distilled major series motifs, such as boulder chases and reaction-based gameplay, to suit "Lara Croft Go"'s time-independent gameplay. Square Enix Montreal developed the game as a spiritual successor to its 2014 "Hitman Go", based on another Square Enix franchise. The company released "Lara Croft Go" in August 2015 for Android, iOS, Windows, and Windows Phone devices. A version for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita was unveiled in November 2016.

Title: Tomb Raider III

Tomb Raider III: Adventures of Lara Croft, or simply Tomb Raider III, is an action-adventure video game developed by Core Design and published by Eidos Interactive. It was originally released for the PlayStation and Microsoft Windows platforms in 1998. "Tomb Raider III" is the third title in the "Tomb Raider" video game series and a sequel to "Tomb Raider II". The story of the game follows archaeologist-adventurer Lara Croft as she embarks upon a quest to recover four pieces of a meteorite that are scattered across the world. To progress through the game, the player must explore five locations (India, South Pacific, London, Nevada, and Antarctica) and complete a series of levels that involve solving puzzles, jumping over obstacles, and defeating enemies.

Title: Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris

Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. It is the sequel to the 2010 video game "Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light", and the second instalment in "Lara Croft" spin-off series of the "Tomb Raider" franchise. The video game was announced at E3 2014 on 9 June. "Temple of Osiris" stars "Tomb Raider" mainstay protagonist Lara Croft, voiced by English actress Keeley Hawes.

Title: Lara Croft: Tomb Raider

Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (also known as simply Tomb Raider) is a 2001 action-adventure film based on the popular "Tomb Raider" video game series featuring the character Lara Croft portrayed by Angelina Jolie. An international co-production between the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, and Germany, it was directed by Simon West and revolves around Lara Croft trying to obtain ancient artifacts from the enemy, the Illuminati.

Title: Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light

Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is an action-adventure game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Android and, iOS through digital distribution. It is part of the "Tomb Raider" series, but unlike previous games, the game does not carry the "Tomb Raider" brand and has a heavy emphasis on cooperative gameplay. In multiplayer, players take the role as either Lara Croft or a 2,000-year-old Mayan warrior named Totec. They must work together in order to stop the evil spirit Xolotl and retrieve the Mirror of Smoke. A single-player campaign mode is available that does not include the non-playable character AI following or helping Lara.

Title: Tomb Raider (2013 video game)

Tomb Raider is an action-adventure video game developed by Crystal Dynamics and published by Square Enix. "Tomb Raider" is the tenth title in the "Tomb Raider" franchise, and operates as a reboot that reconstructs the origins of Lara Croft. "Tomb Raider" was released on 5 March 2013 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and on 23 January 2014 for OS X, and on 27 April 2016 for Linux.

Title: Lara Croft

Lara Croft is a fictional character and the main protagonist of the Square Enix (previously Eidos Interactive) video game franchise "Tomb Raider". She is presented as a highly intelligent, athletic, and beautiful English archaeologist-adventurer who ventures into ancient, hazardous tombs and ruins around the world. Created by a team at UK developer Core Design that included Toby Gard, the character first appeared in the 1996 video game "Tomb Raider". She has also appeared in video game sequels, printed adaptations, a series of animated short films, feature films (portrayed by Angelina Jolie, later by Alicia Vikander), and merchandise related to the series. Official promotion of the character includes a brand of apparel and accessories, action figures, and model portrayals. Croft has also been licensed for third-party promotion, including television and print advertisements, music-related appearances, and as a spokesmodel. As of June 2016, Lara Croft has been featured on over 1,100 magazine covers surpassing any supermodel.

Title: Alice David

Alice David (born 22 March 1987) is a French actress, known for the television series "Bref" (2011) and the film "Babysitting" (2014). She is the voice of the French dub of Lara Croft in the video game "Tomb Raider".

Title: Better Off Alone

"Better Off Alone" is a song by Alice Deejay, the trance music project of Dutch producer Jürgen Rijkers (DJ Jurgen) in collaboration with Sebastiaan Moljin and Eelke Kahlberg (Pronti & Kalmani). In 1998, the song was released as an instrumental by DJ Jurgen on Violent Records. Later releases of the track included vocals by Judith Pronk, who would later become a seminal part of the Alice Deejay project.

Title: Rabid Neurosis

Rabid Neurosis (RNS) was an MP3 warez release organization which was founded in 1996, following in the footsteps of Compress 'Da Audio (CDA), the first MP3 piracy group. In 1999, the group claimed to have released over 6,000 titles a year. RNS occasionally used the tagline "Rabid Neurosis - Spread The Epidemic." RNS were best known for releasing highly anticipated albums by hip hop, pop, rock and dance artists weeks and sometimes months before their official release date. RNS is known to have greatly contributed to the mp3 scene. After their group was mentioned in an MTV News article about the early leak of the Eminem album "Encore", RNS stopped including their initials in filenames and ID3 tags.

Title: Drop the World

"Drop the World" is a song by American rapper and recording artist Lil Wayne, featuring a guest appearance from fellow American rapper Eminem. It serves as the third single from Lil Wayne's seventh studio album, "Rebirth" (2010). This song is also titled as: Eminem x Lil Wayne - "Drop the World" on Eminem's hidden video album titled "Detroit King" The song was released on iTunes on December 28, 2009. Lil Wayne, Eminem, and Travis Barker of Blink-182 performed the song together along with Drake's song "Forever" at the 52nd Grammy Awards in 2010. On April 10, 2014, the single was certified quadruple platinum by the RIAA.

Title: You and Me (Uniting Nations song)

"You and Me" is the second single of the UK act Uniting Nations immediately following the big success of "Out of Touch", Uniting Nations' remake of a Hall and Oats hit. The single also appears in the Uniting Nations album "One World". The song fronted the newcoming member of the band Craig Powell. The track also included vocals from studio session artist Jinian Wilde.

Title: Encore (Eminem song)

"Encore" (stylized as "ƎNCORE" and sometimes known as "Curtains Down") is a song by rappers Eminem, 50 Cent and Dr. Dre, released in 2004 as a vinyl single in the U.S. It was the title track from the Eminem album of the same name, which was also released that year. It is the third single and final track from the album.

Title: In Death Reborn

On February 11, 2014, it was confirmed that the album's production team consisted of producers include Stu Bangas, C-Lance, Leaf Dog, Panik and including Army of the Pharaohs' own Apathy amongst others, including new faces that hadn't been producing for the group beforehand. In promotion for "In Death Reborn", Vinnie Paz released "The Flawless Victory" mixtape on March 2, 2014. Reef the Lost Cauze released a collaboration album titled "Fast Way" alongside producer Emyd on March 9, 2014. Member Doap Nixon only appeared on the song "7th Ghost" but spoke out saying, how he was only featured on one song because he had a lot of personal stuff going on and stated that there will be more of him on the LP that is due to drop in November. King Syze released his fourth studio album one month before the album release on March 25 titled "Union Terminology". Apathy pushed back the release date of "Connecticut Casual" from April to June in favour of "In Death Reborn". A week before the release of "In Death Reborn", Zilla announced he was working on his fourth studio album titled "Martyr Musick" set to be released sometime June 2014. The group released their second album of the year "Heavy Lies the Crown" on 21 October 2014. Six months after In Death Reborn.

Title: The Monster (song)

"The Monster" is a song by American rapper Eminem, featuring guest vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna, taken from Eminem's album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2" (2013). The song was written by Eminem, Jon Bellion, and Bebe Rexha, with production handled by Frequency. "The Monster" marks the fourth collaboration between Eminem and Rihanna, following "Love the Way You Lie", its sequel "Love the Way You Lie (Part II)" (2010), and "Numb" (2012). "The Monster" was released on October 29, 2013, as the fourth single from the album. The song's lyrics present Rihanna coming to grips with her inner demons, while Eminem ponders the negative effects of his fame.

Title: Numb (Rihanna song)

"Numb" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her seventh studio album "Unapologetic" (2012). It features guest vocals by American rapper Eminem, making it the pair's third collaboration since the two official versions of "Love the Way You Lie". Following the album's release, "Numb" charted on multiple charts worldwide including in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Title: List of songs recorded by Linkin Park

American rock band Linkin Park has recorded material for seven studio albums, the most recent being One More Light in 2017. A single from the album titled "Heavy" was released worldwide. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1996 by three high school friends; Mike Shinoda, Rob Bourdon, and Brad Delson. The group later expanded to a six piece when they added Joe Hahn, Dave "Phoenix" Farrell, and Mark Wakefield to the line-up. Mark Wakefield was later changed by lead vocalist Chester Bennington. After facing numerous rejections from several major record labels, Linkin Park turned to Jeff Blue for additional help. After failing to catch Warner Bros. Records on three previous reviews, Jeff Blue, now the vice president of Warner Bros. Records, helped the band sign a deal with the company in 1999. The band released its breakthrough album, "Hybrid Theory", the following year. The album produced four singles, "One Step Closer", "Crawling", "Papercut" and "In the End". The album included a total of twelve songs in addition with two special edition tracks available in Japan. Later in 2002 the band released a Remix album "Reanimation", which would include works from "Hybrid Theory" and non-album tracks. "Reanimation" debuted on July 30, 2002, featuring the likes of Black Thought, Jonathan Davis, Aaron Lewis, and many others. "Reanimation" claimed the second spot on the "Billboard" 200, and sold nearly 270,000 copies during its debut week. The remix album included twenty remixed songs, mainly hip-hop influenced.

Title: Barbara Higbie

Barbara Higbie (born 1958) is a Grammy nominated, Bammy award winning pianist, composer, violinist, singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She has played on over 65 CDs including 3 tunes on the recent Carlos Santana CD. A longtime Windham Hill recording artist, she has also recorded for Olivia/Second Wave records and Slowbaby Records. She resides in the San Francisco Bay Area with her family. She is a folk, jazz, pop, and fusion singer-songwriter, noted for her highly melodic, jazz/folk piano performances. She has toured nationally and internationally since the early 1980s. An early recording artist on the Windham Hill record label, she formed and played with the group Montreux along with Darol Anger, Mike Marshall, Todd Phillips, and Michael Manring. She recorded a critically acclaimed album titled "Unexpected" with singer Teresa Trull in 1983, which was included in The Boston Globe's Guide to Best Albums of 1983. Higbie and Trull teamed up again in 1997 to record an album titled "Playtime". Since 1990, Barbara Higbie has released a number of solo albums on the Windham Hill and Slowbaby labels. She is known as a versatile and soulful musician.

Title: West Athens, California

West Athens is a census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California, United States. The population was 8,729 at the 2010 census, down from 9,101 at the 2000 census. It is an Unincorporated community within the 2nd Supervisorial District of Los Angeles County. West Athens is served by the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, operating out of the South Los Angeles Station. The approximate boundaries for West Athens are: 87th Street to the North, Vermont Avenue to the East, El Segundo Boulevard to the South, and approximately Western Avenue to Van Ness Avenue to the West. West Athens is predominantly residential, with commercial uses along its main corridors. Los Angeles Southwest Community College lies within West Athens.

Title: Central Avenue (Los Angeles)

Central Avenue is a major north-south thoroughfare in the central portion of the Los Angeles, California metropolitan area. Located just to the west of the Alameda Corridor, it runs from the eastern end of the Los Angeles Civic Center south, ending at Del Amo Boulevard in Carson. From north to south, Central Avenue passes through Downtown Los Angeles, South Los Angeles (including Watts, Florence-Graham, and Willowbrook), Compton, and Carson (where it runs through California State University, Dominguez Hills).

Title: End of Watch

End of Watch is a 2012 American crime drama film written and directed by David Ayer. It stars Jake Gyllenhaal and Michael Peña as Brian Taylor and Miguel Zavala, two Los Angeles Police Department officers who work in South Los Angeles. The film focuses on their day-to-day police work, their dealings with a certain group of gang members, their friendship with each other, and their personal relationships.

Title: Bonsallo Avenue

Bonsallo Avenue is a street in South Los Angeles that consists of two segments about four miles apart. The northern segment, located in historic West Adams, Los Angeles near downtown, is home to six Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monuments. The southern segment, near Slauson Avenue, is between Los Angeles' Mt Carmel and Hoover-Gage parks.

Title: David Ayer

David Ayer (born January 18, 1968) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for being the writer of "Training Day" (2001), and the director and writer of "Harsh Times" (2005), "Street Kings" (2008), "End of Watch" (2012), "Sabotage" (2014), "Fury" (2014), and "Suicide Squad" (2016).

Title: Harsh Times

Harsh Times is a 2005 American crime film set in South Los Angeles. The film stars Christian Bale and Freddy Rodriguez, and was written and directed by David Ayer, who wrote the script for the Academy Award-winning 2001 film "Training Day". The film was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Bauer Martinez Entertainment. Ayer says that the film's characters are largely based on the people he knew when he lived in South Central.

Title: DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Los Angeles Downtown

The DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Los Angeles Downtown is located in Los Angeles, California, USA. Managed by Rim Hospitality Inc., the hotel is located in the Little Tokyo area of downtown Los Angeles at 120 South Los Angeles Street.

Title: South of 8

South of 8 is a 2016 American crime film written by first time director Tony Olmos and Rosewood Five Productions, based on a string of bank robberies set in the near future. It officially premiered September 26, 2016 at the Downtown Los Angeles Film Festival in Los Angeles, California, where it won the jury award for Best Dramatic Screenplay. Prior to its premiere, the film won 'Best Trailer' at the San Diego Film Awards and was a finalist for Audience Choice #TrailerChallenge at DTLAFF via Indi.com. The film screened again on February 11, 2017 at San Diego Film Week and took home the award for "Best Horror/SciFi/Thriller Feature."

Title: Street Kings 2: Motor City

Street Kings 2: Motor City is a 2011 American crime film starring Ray Liotta and directed by Chris Fisher. It is the sequel to the 2008's "Street Kings" starring Keanu Reeves. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on April 19, 2011.

Title: Barriox13

Barriox13, B13 in short, is a street gang in South Los Angeles consisting of over 200 members, many of which are inactive. It is divided into West Side Barriox13 and East Side Barriox13 gang with all members loyal to the Barriox13 gang. It was established in the early 1980s near El Segundo Boulevard and Main St in South Los Angeles, California. The Original group of Barriox13 gang members began the gang for self-protection. It is a South Side (Sureno) gang loyal to Hispanic prison gangs.

Title: Helen Modern

Helen Modern (born 16 February 1983) is an English actress best known for her recurring role as Naomi in British sitcom, "Respectable" on Five. In 2006 she also starred in the eighth series of ITV1 drama "Bad Girls" as inmate Stella Gough, the daughter of Governing Governor Joy Masterton. As well as her featured roles in "Respectable" and "Bad Girls", Helen has also had a recurring role in BBC One daytime soap opera, "Doctors" (2005) as Diane Bishop and various roles in "No Angels", "Wire in the Blood", "The Chase" and "Messiah - The Harrowing" with Ken Stott and Maxine Peake.

Title: SuperMansion

SuperMansion is an American stop-motion animated comedy television series created by Matthew Senreich and Zeb Wells. The series stars Bryan Cranston, Heidi Gardner, Tucker Gilmore, Keegan-Michael Key, Tom Root, Yvette Nicole Brown, Zeb Wells, and Jillian Bell. The series premiered on Crackle on October 8, 2015.

Title: Mitch Pileggi

Mitchell Craig "Mitch" Pileggi (born April 5, 1952) is an American actor, best known for his role as Walter Skinner on "The X-Files". He also had a recurring role on "Stargate Atlantis" as Colonel Steven Caldwell. He appeared in the 2008 film "Flash of Genius". In 2008, he began a recurring role as Ernest Darby in "Sons of Anarchy". He starred as Harris Ryland in the TNT revival of "Dallas" (2012–2014).

Title: John Amos

John Allen Amos Jr. (born December 27, 1939) is an American actor who is best known for his role as James Evans, Sr. on the CBS television series "Good Times" (1974–76). Amos' other television work includes roles in "The Mary Tyler Moore Show", the miniseries "Roots", for which he received an Emmy nomination, and a recurring role as Admiral Percy Fitzwallace on "The West Wing". Amos also played the father of Will Smith's character's girlfriend, Lisa Wilkes, in "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air", and he had a recurring role on "In the House" with LL Cool J, as Coach Sam Wilson. Amos played the Father of Tommy Strawn (Thomas Mikal Ford) on the long running sitcom, "Martin", as Sgt. Strawn, and another recurring role on "Two and a Half Men" as Chelsea's dad's new lover, Edward Boynton. Amos also played Major Grant, the US Special forces officer in "Die Hard 2". Amos has also appeared on Broadway and in numerous films in a career that spans four decades. He has received nominations for a Primetime Emmy Award and NAACP Image Award.

Title: Hilarie Burton

Hilarie Ross Burton (born July 1, 1982) is an American actress and producer. A former host of MTV's "Total Request Live", she portrayed Peyton Sawyer on the The WB/CW drama "One Tree Hill" for six seasons (2003–09). Burton gained wider recognition with leading roles in the films "Our Very Own", "Solstice" and "The List". She starred as Sara Ellis on the USA crime drama "White Collar" (2010–13); and, in 2013, she had a recurring role as Dr. Lauren Boswell on the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy". In 2014, she appeared in the short-lived ABC drama series "Forever" as Molly Dawes, and a recurring role in the short-lived CBS sci-fi drama series "Extant" as Anna Schaefer in 2015. In 2016, Burton was cast in a recurring role as DEA Agent Karen Palmer on the Fox action dramedy series "Lethal Weapon".

Title: Jo Marie Payton

Jo Marie Payton (born August 3, 1950) is an American television actress and singer who starred as Harriette Winslow, the matriarch of the Winslow family on the ABC/CBS sitcom "Family Matters", and also appeared in a recurring role on its parent series "Perfect Strangers". From 2001 to 2005, Payton provided the voice for Suga Mama Proud on Bruce W. Smith's Disney Channel's "The Proud Family". The role earned her an NAACP Image Award nomination in 2005. Payton also had a recurring role as the personal assistant to Gregory Hines' character, Ben Doucette (Will Truman's boss), during season two of "Will & Grace" (1999–2000).

Title: Jillian Bell

Jillian Leigh Bell (born April 25, 1984) is an American comedian, actress, and screenwriter. She is best known for her recurring roles as Jillian Belk on "Workaholics" and Dixie on the final season of "Eastbound & Down", as well as appearing in "22 Jump Street" and "Fist Fight" (2017).

Title: Jenna Dewan

Jenna Dewan Tatum (born Jenna Lee Dewan; December 3, 1980) is an American actress and dancer. She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson, and later worked with artists including Pink, Missy Elliott, and Christina Aguilera. She is known for her role as Nora Clark in the 2006 film "Step Up". She has also starred on the short-lived NBC series "The Playboy Club" and had a recurring role on the FX series "American Horror Story". She was Freya Beauchamp on the Lifetime series "Witches of East End" and as of 2016 was playing the recurring role of Lucy Lane in "Supergirl".

Title: John Pappas

John Pappas (born November 11, 1951) is an American actor, playwright and former comic who has appeared on television and in film since the 1970s. Pappas is best known for his recurring role as "Pappas" on the television series Hardball (NBC 1989-1990). Pappas is also known for his recurring role of Leo Sullivan on the NBC Soap Opera "Days of Our Lives" (NBC1994). In 2001 Pappas returned to "Days of Our Lives" in another recurring role of a convict named "Buddy". Pappas is an award-winning actor receiving a 1990 best actor award from the L.A. Weekly, for his performance in Gilbert Girion’s BAD COUNTRY. He received 2 Drama-Logue awards, one in 1989 and another in 1988.

Title: Jeff Hephner

Jeffrey Lane "Jeff" Hephner (born June 22, 1975) is an American actor, known for his recurring role as Matt Ramsey in the third season of the Fox drama "The O.C." (2005-2006) and starring as Morgan Stanley Buffkin in the short-lived CW comedy-drama "Easy Money" (2008-2009). He had a recurring role as football coach Red Raymond in the short-lived CW drama "Hellcats" and co-starred as Ben Zajac in the Starz political drama "Boss" (2011–2012) with Kelsey Grammer. In 2015, he starred as John Case in the short-lived TNT action drama "Agent X". Hephner had a recurring role as firefighter-turned-medical student Jeff Clarke in NBC's "Chicago" franchise in the original drama "Chicago Fire" from 2013 to 2014 and reprised his role in the show's medical drama spin-off "Chicago Med" from 2016 to 2017.

Title: 2013 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2013 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season as members of the Big 12 Conference. Kliff Kingsbury led the Red Raiders in his first season as the program's fifteenth head coach. The Red Raiders played home games on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas at Jones AT&T Stadium.

Title: 2015 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2015 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season as members of the Big 12 Conference. Kliff Kingsbury led the Red Raiders in his third season as the program's fifteenth head coach. The Red Raiders played their home games on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas at Jones AT&T Stadium. They finished the season 7-6 and 4-5 in Big 12 play to finish in 7th. They were invited to the Texas Bowl where they lost to LSU.

Title: Texas Tech University

Texas Tech University, often referred to as Texas Tech, Tech, or TTU, is a public research university in Lubbock, Texas. Established on  10, 1923 (1923--) , and originally known as Texas Technological College, it is the flagship institution of the four-institution Texas Tech University System. The university's student enrollment is the sixth-largest in Texas as of the Fall 2014 semester. The university shares its campus with Texas Tech University Health Sciences Center, making it the only campus in Texas to house an undergraduate university, law school, and medical school.

Title: 1974 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 1974 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the Southwest Conference during the 1974 NCAA Division I football season. In their fifth and final season under head coach Jim Carlen, the Red Raiders compiled a 6–4–2 record (3–4 against conference opponents), finished in sixth place in the conference, and outscored opponents by a combined total of 193 to 158. The team's statistical leaders included Tommy Duniven with 552 passing yards, Larry Isaac with 671 rushing yards, and Lawrence Williams with 477 receiving yards. The team played its home games at Clifford B. & Audrey Jones Stadium.

Title: 2009 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2009 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2009 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team was coached by Mike Leach during the regular season, and was coached by interim head coach Ruffin McNeill during the 2010 Valero Alamo Bowl. The Red Raiders played their home games at Jones AT&T Stadium in Lubbock, Texas. The football team competed in the Division I NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision. The Red Raiders finished the season 9–4, 5–3 in Big 12 play and won the Valero Alamo Bowl 41–31 against Michigan State.

Title: 1986 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 1986 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1986 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their first and only season under head coach David McWilliams, the Red Raiders compiled a 7–4 record in the regular season (5–3 against SWC opponents) and finished in a tie for fourth place in the conference. The team was invited to play in the 1986 Independence Bowl and lost to Ole Miss, 20 to 17. The team was coached in the bowl game by Spike Dykes. Over the course of the full 1986 season, the team outscored opponents by a combined total of 271 to 268. The team played its home games at Clifford B. and Audrey Jones Stadium in Lubbock, Texas.

Title: 2012 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2012 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season as members of the Big 12 Conference. Tommy Tuberville lead the Red Raiders in his third season as the program's fourteenth head coach. The Red Raiders played home games on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas at Jones AT&T Stadium. They finished the season 8–5, 4–5 in Big 12 play to finish in a four way tie for fifth place. They were invited to the Meineke Car Care Bowl of Texas where they defeated Minnesota.

Title: 2014 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2014 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2014 NCAA Division I FBS football season as members of the Big 12 Conference. Kliff Kingsbury lead the Red Raiders in his second season as the program's fifteenth head coach. The Red Raiders played home games on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas at Jones AT&T Stadium. They finished the season 4–8, 2–7 in Big 12 play to finish in eighth place.

Title: Texas A&amp;M–Texas Tech football rivalry

The Texas A&M–Texas Tech football rivalry was an American college football rivalry between the Texas A&M Aggies football team of Texas A&M University and Texas Tech Red Raiders football team of Texas Tech University. The series began in 1927. The rivalry had continued uninterrupted since 1957 when the two schools became conference rivals. Texas A&M leads the series 37–32–1. Texas A&M started the series with a 12–3 advantage while the two teams played each other as non-conference opponents from 1927–1955. Texas Tech took a 2–1 record during its probationary membership in the Southwest Conference from 1957–59. Texas A&M led the series during the Southwest Conference years (1960–95) with an 18–17–1 record. Texas Tech led the series during the Big 12 Conference years (1996–2011) with a 10–6 record. Both teams are tied with six games each for the longest winning streak. Texas Tech holds the longest uninterrupted winning streak of the series, six games between 1968 and 1973, while Texas A&M has the longest nonconsecutive winning streak, six games in 1927, 1932 and 1942 through 1945. Texas A&M currently holds a three-game winning streak but with their departure from the Big 12 Conference in 2012, it is uncertain if the rivalry will continue in the future.

Title: 2016 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team

The 2016 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in the 2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season as members of the Big 12 Conference. Kliff Kingsbury led the Red Raiders in his fourth season as the program's fifteenth head coach. The Red Raiders played their home games on the university's campus in Lubbock, Texas at Jones AT&T Stadium. They finished the season 5–7, 3–6 in Big 12 play.

Title: Maharaja Surajmal Brij University, Bharatpur

Maharaja Surajmal Brij University, Bharatpur, formerly Brij University, Bharatpur, is a state university located at Bharatpur, Rajasthan, India. It was established in 2012 by the Government of Rajasthan through "Brij University, Bharatpur Act, 2012". In 2014, in commemoration of Maharaja Surajmal, it was renamed Maharaja Surajmal Brij University, Bharatpur through "Brij University, Bharatpur (Change of Name) Act, 2014". Ashwini Kumar Bansal was appointed Vice Chancellor of the university in February 2017.

Title: Bharatpur district

Bharatpur District is a district of Rajasthan state in western India also known as Jat Kingdom. The town of Bharatpur is the district headquarters. Bharatpur District is a part of National Capital Region (NCR).

Title: Claude Auchinleck

Field Marshal Sir Claude John Eyre Auchinleck {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (21 June 1884 – 23 March 1981) was a British Army commander during the Second World War. He was a career soldier who spent much of his military career in India, where he rose to become Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army by early 1941. In July 1941 he was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the Middle East theatre, but after initial successes the war in North Africa turned against the British, and he was relieved of the post in 1942 during the crucial Alamein campaign. In June 1943 he was once more appointed Commander-in-Chief India, where his support through the organisation of supply, maintenance and training for Slim's Fourteenth Army played an important role in its success. He served as Commander-in-Chief India until Partition in 1947, when he assumed the role of Supreme Commander of all British forces in India and Pakistan until late 1948.

Title: Vishvendra Singh

Vishvendra Singh (Born 23 June 1962 at Moti Mahal, Bharatpur) is a member of the Legislative Assembly from Deeg-Kumher Constituency in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan India. He is the son of the last ruler of the princely state of Bharatpur. In the 26th amendment to the Constitution of India promulgated in 1971, the Government of India abolished all official symbols of princely India, including titles, privileges, and remuneration (privy purses).

Title: Bharatpur, Rajasthan

Bharatpur is a city and newly created municipal corporation in the Indian state of Rajasthan. Located in the Braj region, Bharatpur was once considered to be impregnable and unbeatable. The city is situated 180 km south of India's capital, New Delhi, 178 km from Rajasthan's capital Jaipur, 55 km west of Agra and 34 km from Lord Krishna's birthplace Mathura. It is also the administrative headquarters of Bharatpur District and the headquarters of Bharatpur Division of Rajasthan. The Royal House of Bharatpur traces its history to the 11th century. Bharatpur is part of National Capital Region (NCR).

Title: Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere

Field Marshal Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (14 November 1773 – 21 February 1865), was a British Army officer, diplomat and politician. As a junior officer he took part in the Flanders Campaign, in the Fourth Anglo-Mysore War and in the suppression of Robert Emmet's insurrection in 1803. He commanded a cavalry brigade in Sir Arthur Wellesley's Army before being given overall command of the cavalry in the latter stages of the Peninsular War. He went on to be Commander-in-Chief, Ireland and then Commander-in-Chief, India. In the latter role he stormed Bharatpur—a fort which previously had been deemed impregnable.

Title: Lohagarh Fort

Lohagarh Fort (Iron fort) is situated at Bharatpur in Rajasthan, India. It was constructed by Bharatpur Jat rulers. Maharaja Suraj Mal used all his power and wealth to a good cause, and built numerous forts and palaces across his kingdom, one of them being the Lohagarh Fort (Iron fort), which was one of the strongest ever built in Indian history. The inaccessible Lohagarh fort could withstand repeated attacks of British forces led by Lord Lake in 1805 when they laid siege for over six weeks. Of the two gates in the fort, one in the north is known as Ashtdhaatu (eight metalled) gate while the one facing the south is called Chowburja (four-pillared) gate.

Title: Siege of Bharatpur

The Siege of Bharatpore was a siege that took place in the Indian princely state of Bharatpur (now part of Rajasthan) between December 1825 and January 1826. British troops under Lord Combermere initially surrounded the state's capital until on 18January 1826 its fortress was stormed and captured.

Title: Commander-in-Chief, India

During the period of the British Raj, the Commander-in-Chief, India (often "Commander-in-Chief "in" or "of" India") was the supreme commander of the British Indian Army. The Commander-in-Chief and most of his staff were based at General Headquarters, India, and liaised with the civilian Governor-General of India. Following the Partition of India in 1947 and the creation of the independent dominions of India and Pakistan, the post was abolished. It was briefly replaced by the position of Supreme Commander of India and Pakistan before the role was abolished in November 1948. Subsequently, the role of Commander-in-Chief was merged into the offices of the Governors-General of India and Pakistan, respectively, before becoming part of the office of President of India from 1950, of the President of Pakistan from 1956, and of the President of Bangladesh from 1972.

Title: Siege of Bharatpur (1805)

The Siege of Bharatpur took place between 2 January and 22 February 1805 in the Indian Princely state of Bharatpur (now part of Rajasthan), during the Second Anglo-Maratha War. Forces of the British East India Company, led by General Gerard Lake, were four times repulsed in attempts to storm the fortress. The victory by Bharatpur backed by the Maratha Empire was an embarrassing defeat for the British.

Title: Santa's Workshop (Colorado)

Santa's Workshop is an amusement park that opened on June 16, 1956 in Cascade, Colorado, just west of Colorado Springs at the base of Pikes Peak. Modeled after the Santa's Workshop in Lake Placid, New York, the park features a charming North Pole village complete with specialty shops for boys, girls, Christmas ornaments, and candy. The village is also home to Santa's Workshop itself, where children can meet with Santa Claus and Mrs. Claus year round. Many of the park's staff get into the holiday spirit as well, and children will find Santa's elves hard at work in admissions and the many shops around the premises.

Title: Larry Wilson (screenwriter)

Larry Wilson is an American film producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his screenwriting work on the films "Beetlejuice" (1988) and "The Addams Family" (1991). He also co-wrote the films "The Little Vampire" (2001) and the television film "The Year Without a Santa Claus" (2006). He also wrote and directed a number of episodes of the "Tales from the Crypt" television series from 1991 to 1996.

Title: Jonathan Meath

Jonathan Meath (born September 16, 1955) is an American TV producer based in Boston who is notable for children's television production. He was Senior Producer of the TV game show "Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego? " He produced "Zoom (1999)" and "The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss." He co-founded a production company called Andanzura. In addition, he is notable for having a dual career as a professional Santa Claus. He made numerous appearances in various media as Santa, including ABC's "Good Morning America" show, and at New York's Radio City Music Hall with The Rockettes. He appeared on the cover of "Boston Magazine" as "Father Christmas". He was described by "National Public Radio" and "Time Magazine" as a "top Santa", and appeared as Santa in a Delta Airline's in-flight safety video. He is featured as Santa in Coca-Cola’s worldwide 2016 holiday advertising campaign both in print and commercials titled “A Coke for Christmas."

Title: Rankin/Bass Productions

Rankin/Bass Productions, Inc. (founded as Videocraft International, Ltd.) was an American production company, known for its seasonal television specials, particularly its work in stop motion animation. The pre-1974 library is owned by Universal Studios (via DreamWorks Animation/DreamWorks Classics), while the post-1973 library is owned by Warner Bros. Rankin/Bass stop-motion features are recognisable by their visual style of doll-like characters with spheroid body parts, and ubiquitous powdery snow using an animation technique called "Animagic". Often, traditional cel animation scenes of falling snow would be projected over the action to create the effect of a snowfall.

Title: Santa Claus: The Movie

Santa Claus: The Movie (known on-screen as simply Santa Claus) is a 1985 British-American Christmas film starring Dudley Moore, John Lithgow, and David Huddleston in the title role. It is the last major fantasy film produced by the Paris-based father-and-son production team of Alexander and Ilya Salkind. The film was directed by Jeannot Szwarc and released in North America on November 27, 1985, by TriStar Pictures. The 2005 DVD release was released by Anchor Bay Entertainment, now known as Starz Home Entertainment, under license from the film's current owner, StudioCanal; however, the current, 25th Anniversary home video release (which also now includes Blu-ray) is by Lionsgate Home Entertainment, again under StudioCanal's license.

Title: Santa Claus Is a Black Man

"Santa Claus Is a Black Man" is a Christmas song by record producer and songwriter Teddy Vann, performed by his daughter Akim Vann (billed as Akim) and his Teddy Vann Production Company for a 1973 single. The song, described as "Vann's take on 'I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus'", has been called a cult classic, and continues to receive Christmas airplay.

Title: The Year Without a Santa Claus

The Year Without a Santa Claus is a 1974 Christmas stop motion animated television special produced by Rankin/Bass Productions. The story is based on Phyllis McGinley's 1956 book of the same name, illustrated by Kurt Werth. It was originally broadcast on December 10, 1974 on ABC.

Title: A Miser Brothers' Christmas

A Miser Brothers' Christmas is a stop motion spin-off special based on some of the characters from the 1974 Rankin-Bass special "The Year Without a Santa Claus". Distributed by Warner Bros. Animation under their Warner Premiere label (the rights holders of the post-1974 Rankin-Bass library) and Toronto-based Cuppa Coffee Studios, the one-hour special premiered on ABC Family on Saturday, December 13, 2008, during the network's annual The 25 Days of Christmas programming. Mickey Rooney and George S. Irving reprised their respective roles as Santa Claus and Heat Miser at ages 88 and 86. Snow Miser, originally portrayed by Dick Shawn who died in 1987, was voiced by Juan Chioran, while Mrs. Claus, voiced by Shirley Booth in the original, was portrayed by Catherine Disher (because Booth had died in 1992). The movie aimed to emulate the Rankin/Bass animation style. This is the last Christmas special to feature Mickey Rooney as Santa Claus, as he died in 2014, as well as the last time George Irving voiced Heat Miser, as he died in 2016.

Title: Santa Claus in film

Motion pictures featuring Santa Claus abound and apparently constitute their own subgenre of the Christmas film genre. Early films of Santa revolve around similar simple plots of Santa's Christmas Eve visit to children. In 1897, in a short film called "Santa Claus Filling Stockings", Santa Claus is simply filling stockings from his pack of toys. Another film called "Santa Claus and the Children" was made in 1898. A year later, a film directed by George Albert Smith in titled "Santa Claus" (or "The Visit from Santa Claus" in the United Kingdom) was created. In this picture, Santa Claus enters the room from the fireplace and proceeds to trim the tree. He then fills the stockings that were previously hung on the mantle by the children. After walking backward and surveying his work, he suddenly darts at the fireplace and disappears up the chimney. "Santa Claus' Visit" in 1900 featured a scene with two little children kneeling at the feet of their mother and saying their prayers. The mother tucks the children snugly in bed and leaves the room. Santa Claus suddenly appears on the roof, just outside the children's bedroom window, and proceeds to enter the chimney, taking with him his bag of presents and a little hand sled for one of the children. He goes down the chimney and suddenly appears in the children's room through the fireplace. He distributes the presents and mysteriously causes the appearance of a Christmas tree laden with gifts. The scene closes with the children waking up and running to the fireplace just too late to catch him by the legs. A 1909 film by D. W. Griffith titled "A Trap for Santa Claus" shows children setting a trap to capture Santa Claus as he descends the chimney, but instead capture their father who abandoned them and their mother but tries to burglarize the house after he discovers she inherited a fortune. A twenty-nine-minute 1925 silent film production titled "Santa Claus", by explorer/documentarian Frank E. Kleinschmidt, filmed partly in northern Alaska, feature Santa in his workshop, visiting his Eskimo neighbors, and tending his reindeer. A year later, another movie titled "Santa Claus" was produced with sound on De Forest Phonofilm. Over the years, various actors have donned the red suit (aside from those discussed below), including Monty Woolley in "Life Begins at Eight-thirty" (1942), Alberto Rabagliati in "The Christmas That Almost Wasn't" (1966), Dan Aykroyd in "Trading Places" (1983), Jan Rubes in "One Magic Christmas" (1985), David Huddleston in "" (1985), Jonathan Taylor Thomas in "I'll Be Home for Christmas" (1998), and Ed Asner in "Elf" (2003). Later films about Santa vary, but can be divided into the following themes.

Title: The Year Without a Santa Claus (2006 film)

The Year Without a Santa Claus is a 90-minute 2006 live-action remake of the Rankin-Bass classic "The Year Without a Santa Claus" which premiered on NBC December 11, 2006. A widescreen DVD was released on December 12, 2006 (UPC 085391115120).

Title: Alex Wolff

Alexander "Alex" Draper Wolff (born November 1, 1997) is an American actor, musician, and composer. He first gained recognition for starring alongside his older brother Nat in the Nickelodeon musical comedy television series "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), which was created by the boys' mother Polly Draper. Wolff and his brother released two soundtrack albums for the series, "The Naked Brothers Band" and "I Don't Want to Go to School", which were co-produced by their father Michael Wolff.

Title: Operation Mojo

Operation Mojo is part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy of the TEENick series The Naked Brothers Band. It's the sixth television movie of "The Naked Brothers Band", and the second of season 3. The movie aired on Nickelodeon on November 22, 2008

Title: Nat and Alex Wolff

Nat and Alex Wolff are an American pop music duo from New York, New York, consisting of brothers Nat and Alex Wolff. The siblings are known for their work on the Nickelodeon television series "The Naked Brothers Band", which was created and produced by their mother, actress Polly Draper. It was adapted from the mockumentary film that Draper wrote and directed. The duo's initial teen pop boy band called "The Naked Brothers Band" was depicted as part of its participation in their Nickelodeon series that aired from 2007 to 2009. They have released four full-length albums and have been nominated for several awards.

Title: The Fault in Our Stars (film)

The Fault in Our Stars is a 2014 American romantic drama film directed by Josh Boone, based on the novel of the same name by John Green. The film stars Shailene Woodley, Ansel Elgort, and Nat Wolff, with Laura Dern, Sam Trammell, and Willem Dafoe playing supporting roles. Woodley plays Hazel Grace Lancaster, a sixteen-year-old cancer patient who is forced by her parents to attend a support group, where she meets and subsequently falls in love with Augustus Waters, another cancer patient, played by Elgort.

Title: Mystery Girl (film)

Mystery Girl is a rock-mockumentary musical comedy. It's the first and second The Naked Brothers Band episode of Season 3, and TV movie on Nickelodeon. It has premiered on October 18, 2008. This episode was the highest rated Naked Brothers Band episode ever with more than 4 million viewers.

Title: Nat Wolff

Nathaniel Marvin "Nat" Wolff (born December 17, 1994) is an American actor, singer-songwriter, and musician. Wolff gained recognition for composing the music for "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007–09), a Nickelodeon television series he starred in with his younger brother Alex that was created by their actress mother Polly Draper. Wolff's jazz pianist father Michael Wolff co-produced the series' soundtrack albums, "The Naked Brothers Band" (2007) and "I Don't Want to Go to School" (2008); the former of which ranked the 23rd spot on the "Billboard" 200 charts.

Title: I Don't Want to Go to School

I Don't Want To Go To School is the second soundtrack album by The Naked Brothers Band, it was the soundtrack for the second season of The Naked Brothers Band. The album was released as a deluxe fanpack that includes a poster, lyrics and two bonus tracks.

Title: The Naked Brothers Band: Music from the Movie

The Naked Brothers Band: Music from the Movie is an EP/soundtrack by The Naked Brothers Band for "". It was released as an extra disc on the Naked Brothers Band Movie DVD. The disc was only available with the DVD for a short time only and now is only available to buy on Amazon. It was not an official release and has not yet been released separately, or on The iTunes Store. The first single "Crazy Car" charted on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2007 at No. 83.

Title: The Naked Brothers Band (album)

The Naked Brothers Band is a soundtrack album by The Naked Brothers Band for Season 1 of The Naked Brothers Band television series. The album was also released as a deluxe fanpack that includes a poster, lyrics & 2 bonus tracks.

Title: The Premiere (film)

"The Premiere" is the eighth TV movie on the part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy series "The Naked Brothers Band," which was created by Polly Draper. "The Premiere" aired on Saturday, April 11, 2009. The premise of "The Premiere" is that The Naked Brothers Band "Musical Mystery Movie" premieres. It also features guest appearances by Victoria Justice from "Zoey 101".

Title: Kate Millett

Katherine Murray Millett (September 14, 1934 – September 6, 2017) was an American feminist writer, educator, artist, and activist. She attended Oxford University and was the first American woman to be awarded a degree with first-class honors after studying at St Hilda's College, Oxford. She has been described as "a seminal influence on second-wave feminism", and is best known for her book "Sexual Politics" (1970), which was based on her doctoral dissertation at Columbia University. Journalist Liza Featherstone attributes previously unimaginable "legal abortion, greater professional equality between the sexes, and a sexual freedom" being made possible partially due to Millett's efforts.

Title: Contract with the World

Contract With the World is a 1980 novel written by Canadian author Jane Rule. The story takes place in Vancouver, British Columbia, in the mid-1970s, and is divided in six parts, each focusing on the perspective of a different character. Themes of artistic motivation, personal fulfilment, and sexual politics are present throughout.

Title: Carol J. Adams

Carol J. Adams (born 1951) is an American writer, feminist, and animal rights advocate. She is the author of several books, including "The Sexual Politics of Meat: A Feminist-Vegetarian Critical Theory" (1990) and "The Pornography of Meat" (2004), focusing in particular on what she argues are the links between the oppression of women and that of non-human animals.

Title: British University Hurling Championship

The British University Hurling Championship is an annual Hurling competition held for universities in Great Britain. It is organised by the BUGAA which is a branch of the Higher Education GAA committee which oversees Gaelic Games in Universities. Unlike its sister competition, the British University Gaelic Football Championship, this competition is not overseen by the British Universities Sports Association as yet. The best players each year are chosen for an all-star team to play the Scottish Universities Shinty Team. The trophies for British University Gaelic Games Championships memorialise students who were pioneers of Gaelic Games at British Universities. The Michael O'Leary Cup is awarded to the winner of the British University Hurling Championship. It was presented to BUGAA by The Friary, Dundee. The Cup is named after a founder member of the hurling club at the University of Glasgow who died in 2001.

Title: Au Pairs (band)

The Au Pairs were a British post-punk band that formed in Birmingham in 1978 and continued until 1983. They produced two studio albums and three singles. Their songs were said to have "contempt for the cliches of contemporary sexual politics" and their music has been compared to the Gang of Four and the Young Marble Giants. The band was led by Lesley Woods, who was once described as "one of the most striking women in British rock".

Title: C. V. Balakrishnan

C. V. Balakrishnan (Malayalam: സി. വി. ബാലകൃഷ്ണൻ ; born 24 September 1952) is a Malayalam-language novelist, short story writer, essayist and screenplay writer from the south Indian state of Kerala. His novels and short stories encompass the emotional issues related to mass culture, sexual politics, fate of the marginalised and institutionalised religions. An author of more than 40 literary works along with a few film scripts and film criticisms, his best known work is the novel "Ayussinte Pusthakam" ("Book of Life"). He received the Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award in 2000 for the novel "Atmavinu Seriyennu Thonnunna Karyangal" and the Kerala State Film Award for Best Book on Cinema in 2002 for "Cinemayude Idangal". In 2014, he won the Padmaprabha Literary Award

Title: Susie Bright

Susannah "Susie" Bright, also known as Susie Sexpert (born March 25, 1958), is an American feminist, author, journalist, critic, editor, publisher, producer, and performer, often on the subject of sexual politics and sexuality.

Title: Shannon Bell

Shannon Bell (born 5 July 1955) is a Canadian performance philosopher who lives and writes philosophy-in-action, experimental philosophy. Bell is also professor and graduate programme director in the York University Political Science Department, Toronto, Ontario, Canada. She teaches postmodern theory, fast feminism, sexual politics, cyber politics, identity politics and violent philosophy.

Title: Sexual Politics

Sexual Politics is a 1970 book by Kate Millett, based on her PhD dissertation.

Title: Harris G. Mirkin

Harris George Mirkin (24 August 1936 – 30 May 2013) was a political science professor who aroused controversy with an essay, "The Pattern of Sexual Politics," published in the "Journal of Homosexuality". This prompted the Missouri legislature to reduce the university's budget by the amount of Mirkin's salary, as a gesture of non-support for Mirkin's work.

Title: 2015 Rogers Cup – Women's Doubles

Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci were the defending champions, but chose not participate together. Errani played alongside Flavia Pennetta, but lost in the quarterfinals to Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Lucie Šafářová. Vinci teamed up with Jelena Janković, but lost in the first round to Garbiñe Muguruza and Carla Suárez Navarro. <br>

Title: Morbo (band)

Morbo was a Mexican electronica/synthpop/ambient/alternative rock group formed by Juan Carlos Lozano. Lozano was one of the four founding members of Moenia, which originally included Juan Carlos Lozano as lead vocalist on 1997's debut album 'Moenia' and its 1998 companion remix album 'Moenia Mixes'. Despite the acclaimed success of 1997's Moenia and 1998's remix album, in itself a risky and previously-unheard of novelty in the Mexican music industry, and due to disagreements between Lozano, Jorge Soto and Alejandro 'Midi' Ortega as to the creative route Moenia should take, Lozano decided to leave Moenia as vocalist with original founding member Alfonso Pichardo returning as lead singer. Lozano then formed the perhaps less commercial, still synth-oriented, but more guitar-centered Morbo, whose musical vision first came to fruition in 2001's eponymous "Morbo".

Title: Roberta Vinci

Roberta Vinci (] ; born 18 February 1983) is an Italian tennis player. Up until 6 April 2015, she held the position of World No. 1 in doubles, while reaching a career-high of World No. 7 in singles in May 2016. She is the fourth Italian woman to have reached the top 10 in singles, together with Flavia Pennetta, Francesca Schiavone and Sara Errani. At 33 years and 4 days old, she is also the oldest ever player to make her first appearance in the Top 10.

Title: 2011 Barcelona Ladies Open – Doubles

Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci were the defending champions, but Roberta Vinci chose not to continue her performance before the quarterfinals.

Title: 1994 Athens International – Doubles

Horacio de la Peña and Jorge Lozano were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.

Title: Flavia Pennetta

Flavia Pennetta (] ; born 25 February 1982) is a retired Italian professional tennis player and Grand Slam-champion in both singles and doubles. She became Italy's first top-10 female singles player on 17 August 2009 and the first Italian to be ranked world No. 1 in doubles on 28 February 2011. She became a Grand Slam singles champion, winning the 2015 US Open by defeating her childhood friend Roberta Vinci in the first all-Italian Grand Slam final .

Title: Marta Domachowska

Marta Domachowska (; born 16 January 1986 in Warsaw) is a Polish retired professional tennis player ranked World No. 37 in singles (2006) and World No. 62 in doubles (2006). She reached 2008 Australian Open fourth round in singles and won 2006 Canberra International in doubles with Roberta Vinci. She also reached three WTA Tour singles finals at 2004 Hansol Korea Open (lost to Maria Sharapova), 2005 Internationaux de Strasbourg (lost to Anabel Medina Garrigues) and 2006 U.S. National Indoor Tennis Championships (lost to Sofia Arvidsson). She was 2003 Australian Open finalist in girls' singles, represented Poland at the 2008 Summer Olympics and was member of Poland Fed Cup team. Domachowska was the best female Polish tennis player after Magdalena Grzybowska's retirement and before Agnieszka Radwańska's successes.

Title: Jorge Lozano

Jorge Lozano (born 17 May 1963 in San Luis Potosí) is a retired professional tennis player from Mexico. He reached his highest doubles ranking of World No. 4 in August 1988. His highest singles ranking was World No. 51, achieved the following month. During his career, he won two mixed doubles titles at the French Open: in 1990 with Arantxa Sánchez, and in 1988 with Lori McNeil. He reached the round of 16 in singles at the 1988 US Open and also the semifinal in doubles that same year. Qualified twice for the Doubles Masters at the Royal Albert Hall in London and reached the semifinals in 1988. In his career, he won nine doubles titles, but no singles titles. He turned professional in 1986, and in his career, he won $U.S.739,424 in prize money. He was the first player to be beaten by Pete Sampras in the main draw of a Grand Slam tournament, at the French Open in 1989. In Davis Cup play, represented Mexico for 15 years, 1981–1995, won 12 doubles matches, and lost 12 as well. He lost 11 singles matches, and won 8, making his overall win / loss record at the Davis Cup 20–23. Lozano won his first title at Forest Hills in 1988, with his partner Todd Witsken, and won his last at Athens in 1993. He resides in Guadalajara, Mexico where he directs a tennis academy for kids and also coaches the men and women tennis team at the University Tec de Monterrey. He is currently the captain of the Mexican Davis Cup Team.

Title: 1988 Volvo International – Doubles

Jorge Lozano and Todd Witsken won in the final 6–3, 7–6 against Pieter Aldrich and Danie Visser.

Title: 2015 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Doubles

Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci were the defending champions, but Errani chose not to participate this year. Vinci played alongside Karin Knapp, but lost in the third round to Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova.

Title: Truth in Science

Truth in Science is a United Kingdom-based creationist organization which promotes the Discovery Institute's "Teach the Controversy" campaign, which it uses to try to get pseudoscientific intelligent design creationism taught alongside evolution in school science lessons. The organization claims that there is scientific controversy about the validity of Darwinian evolution, a view rejected by the United Kingdom's Royal Society and over 50 Academies of Science around the world. The group is affiliated with the Discovery Institute, the hub of the intelligent design movement, following its strategy and circulating the Institute's promotional materials.

Title: Every Voice

Every Voice is an American nonprofit, nonpartisan liberal political advocacy organization. The organization was formed in 2014 upon the merger of the Public Campaign Action Fund, a 501(c)(4) group, and the Friends of Democracy. Every Voice, along with its affiliated Super PAC, Every Voice Action, advocates for campaign finance reform in the United States via public financing of political campaigns and limitations on political donations. The organization's president, David Donnelly, has said "We fully embrace the irony of working through a Super PAC to fight the influence of Super PACs."

Title: The Last Embrace

The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan. It was released on 2xCD and 2xLP in 2003 by Meteor City Records. It contains 19 songs from their two albums, "Jug Fulla Sun" and "Elusive Truth", the three songs that appeared on their debut 7" (under the name Shine), the two songs from their final 7", "Spirit Caravan", the song from their split 7" with Sixty Watt Shaman and their song from the Rise 13 compilation on Rise Above Records. It also features the last three songs Spirit Caravan recorded, "The Last Embrace," "Brainwashed" and "Dove-Tongued Aggressor."

Title: Discovery Museum and Planetarium

The Discovery Museum and Planetarium is a hands-on science museum in Bridgeport, Connecticut, that serves as both a tourist destination and an educational resource for area schools. The Discovery Museum provides dynamic, hands-on STEM experiences designed to resonate with the innate curiosity, learning desire, and spirit of exploration of visitors, encouraging young learners to ask questions, solve problems, and engineer solutions today so they are better prepared to embrace the challenges of tomorrow.

Title: Discovery Institute

The Discovery Institute (DI) is a politically conservative non-profit think tank based in Seattle, Washington, best known for its advocacy of the pseudoscientific principle of intelligent design (ID). Its "Teach the Controversy" campaign aims to permit teaching of anti-evolution, intelligent-design beliefs in United States public high school science courses alongside accepted scientific theories, positing that a scientific controversy exists over these subjects.

Title: Truth Initiative

Truth Initiative (formerly the American Legacy Foundation or Legacy) is a nonprofit tobacco control organization "dedicated to achieving a culture where all youth and young adults reject tobacco." It was established in March 1999 as a result of the Master Settlement Agreement between the attorneys general of 46 states, the District of Columbia and five United States territories, and the tobacco industry. Truth Initiative is best known for its youth smoking prevention campaign. Its other primary aims include conducting tobacco control research and policy studies, organizing community and youth engagement programs and developing digital cessation and prevention products, including through revenue-generating models. The organization changed its name from the American Legacy Foundation to Truth Initiative on September 8, 2015, to better align with its Truth campaign. As of 2016, the organization had more than $957 million in assets and a staff of 133 based primarily in its Washington, D.C. office.

Title: Extrema (band)

Extrema formed in 1986 in Milan. The initial lineup included guitarist Tommy Massara, vocalist/guitarist Andrea Boria, bassist Luca Varisco, and drummer Stefano Bullegas. Regarded as one of Italy's first thrash metal bands, Extrema's first EP, "We F**kin' Care" (1987), sold an impressive 3,000 copies by word of mouth alone. Italian heavy metal fans didn't yet seem prepared to embrace local talent, however, and the next four years saw Extrema (by then entirely re-vamped, with Massara signing on new members Gianluca Perotti on vocals, Mattia Bigi on bass, and Chris Dalla Pellegrina on drums) relegated to open for visiting acts like Slayer, D.R.I., and Corrosion of Conformity. Finally realizing that their only hope of impressing local talent scouts lay in conquering from the outside-in, Extrema started aggressively shopping their demos to international heavy metal critics, and even financed a trip to New York City for a one-off gig. The strategy worked, and their four-track demo from 1991 was soon making waves with some major international publications, eventually leading to a record deal with Contempo Records. The result was the 1993's "Tension at the Seams" album, which led to stadium support slots with Italian rock star Vasco Rossi, and more importantly a high-profile metal festival appearance in Turin alongside Megadeth, The Cult, Suicidal Tendencies, and Metallica. The album also featured an unconventional cover of The Police's "Truth Hits Everybody" and spawned a video clip for the track "Child O' Boogaow" which was on heavy rotation on Italy's MTV affiliate, Videomusic.

Title: Truth (anti-tobacco campaign)

Truth (stylized as truth) is a national campaign aimed at curbing youth smoking in the United States. The "truth" campaign is produced and funded by the American Legacy Foundation, a public health nonprofit organization established in 1999 under the Master Settlement Agreement between U.S. tobacco companies, 46 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and five territories. "truth" produces television and online content to promote anti-tobacco messages. In August 2014, "truth" launched "Finish It", a redesigned campaign encouraging youth to be the generation that ends smoking.

Title: I Am... Gabriel

An unforgiving sun, a parched earth, and a failed economy have left a small Texas town desolate. For ten years Promise, Texas has known nothing but one curse after another. It's barren, broken, and dying, leaving a town full of despair. When a couple finds a boy walking along a dusty road, alone in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but a mat tucked under his arm, they pick him up in hopes of helping him. What they don't realize is that he has come to help them and the residents of Promise. No one knows who he is or where he came from. Some think he's an answer to prayer. Others think he's a runaway or a false prophet. And the only thing this boy will say about himself is that he's here to help. The town's sheriff, Brody, is determined to uncover the truth. But Brody has his own problems trying to hold a dying town together. Miracle after miracle takes place and the residents of Promise embrace the boy. But when the beloved town doctor dies, it is time for the truth to be revealed. The boy pleads with Brody in front of the whole town to believe that he's come to help, not to hurt anyone. Finally, with his back against the wall the boy reveals his true identity.

Title: Discovery Networks Benelux

Discovery Networks Benelux is a branch of Discovery Networks International responsible for channels in the Netherlands and Belgium. Discovery Networks Benelux operates Discovery, Animal Planet, TLC (Netherlands), Eurosport 1, Eurosport 2 and Investigation Discovery in the region with local advertising, sponsorship, programming and the use of the local language either dubbed or subtitled. Discovery Networks Benelux also use existing services from Discovery Networks International: Discovery Science and Discovery World.

Title: Where We Belong (Lostprophets song)

"Where We Belong" is the second single from the album "The Betrayed", the fourth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets. It was released on 4 January 2010. Vocalist Ian Watkins commented to "Kerrang! ": "Where We Belong might sound really happy and catchy, but if you really listen to the lyrics I could be saying that we belong in hell." The single reached No. 32 on the Official UK top 40 on 10 January 2010. The track was described by the band as their "love letter to being home," having written the song after returning to their native Wales after recording in Los Angeles.

Title: Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja

"Shinobi vs. Dragon Ninja" is a song by Welsh rock band Lostprophets. Written by frontman Ian Watkins, the song was released in 2001 as the first single from the band's debut studio album, "The Fake Sound of Progress". It was the only charting single on the "Billboard" charts from the album, and was still on the band's tour setlist when they broke up in 2013.

Title: Ian Watkins (Lostprophets)

Ian David Karslake Watkins (born 30 July 1977) is a Welsh singer, musician, and convicted sex offender. He achieved prominence as a founding member, lead vocalist, and lyricist of the rock band Lostprophets. Lostprophets disbanded in 2013 after Watkins was charged with sexual offences in late 2012. In November 2013, he pleaded guilty to 13 charges, including the attempted rape and sexual assault of a child under 13; these offences were committed against the infant children of two women who were also convicted. He was subsequently jailed for 29 years and ordered to serve a further six years on extended licence.

Title: Family Reunion (Saliva song)

"Family Reunion" is the first single from Saliva's sixth studio album, "Cinco Diablo". Lead singer Josey Scott has said that the song is about meeting their fans on the road. The song peaked at #14 on Billboard's Mainstream Rock Tracks chart in 2008.

Title: Lostprophets

Lostprophets were a Welsh rock band from Pontypridd, Wales formed in 1997. Founded by lead vocalist and lyricist Ian Watkins, bassist (later guitarist) Mike Lewis, drummer Mike Chiplin and guitarist Lee Gaze, they were originally a side-project to hardcore punk band Public Disturbance. They were also part of the Cardiff music scene.

Title: Under Your Skin (album)

Under Your Skin is the seventh studio album by American rock band Saliva. It is the final album to feature singer Josey Scott, who left the band in 2012. It was released on March 22, 2011. Prior to release, the album had been titled both "Take That Society" and "Skin Deep".

Title: We Bring an Arsenal

"We Bring an Arsenal" was supposed to be the second single from "Weapons", the fifth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Lostprophets, planned to be released 4 June 2012. It has been released to rock radio since this date in the United States, but the single has yet to be officially released in the UK as of 5 June 2012, but will unlikely happen due to Ian Watkins's imprisonment in 2013. It was first played live on 25 February 2012 at Brisbane, Australia.

Title: In It to Win It (Saliva album)

In It to Win It is the eighth studio album by American rock band Saliva. It is the first album to feature singer Bobby Amaru, after Josey Scott left the band in 2012. The album was temporarily released via Rum Bum Records on September 3, 2013. The album is no longer available for purchase as the band rereleased the album as "Rise Up" features all of its songs except "Animal", "Flesh", and "I.D.N.A.E".

Title: Always (Saliva song)

"Always" is the first single off the album "Back into Your System" by the rock band Saliva with lead vocalist Josey Scott. It made it to number 1 on the Modern Rock Tracks for one week in February 2003, and has been Saliva's most successful hit, peaking at #51 on the Hot 100.

Title: Josey Scott

Josey Scott (born Joseph Scott Sappington; May 3, 1972) is the former lead vocalist of the rock band Saliva. In addition to Saliva, Scott co-wrote and performed "Hero" (which was used as one of the theme songs to the 2002 film "Spider-Man") with Chad Kroeger of Nickelback.

Title: I Was a Satellite of the Sun

I Was a Satellite of the Sun - (Russian: Я был спутником Солнца ) Soviet feature dramatic science-fiction film of 1959 with animation elements.

Title: Tracker (1987 film)

Tracker (Russian: Филёр ) is a Soviet feature film, a drama directed by Roman Balayan. The film was shot in 1987 in Kaluga.

Title: Girl Seeks Father

Girl Seeks Father (Russian: Девочка ищет отца / Devochka ishchet otsa) is a 1959 Soviet drama film that was produced by Yuri Bulychyov at the Belarusfilm, directed by Lev Golub, and which stars Anna Kamenkova, Vladimir Guskov, Nikolai Barmin. Writers: Konstantin Gubarevich, Yevgeny Ryss. In 1959, it was the fifth film in Soviet Union in terms of the box office. It was watched by over 35 millions spectators, which makes it the third watched Belarusian film ever.

Title: Battle Beyond the Stars

Battle Beyond the Stars is a 1980 American space opera film produced by Roger Corman and directed by Jimmy T. Murakami that stars Richard Thomas, Robert Vaughn, George Peppard, John Saxon, Sybil Danning, and Darlanne Fluegel. "Battle Beyond the Stars", intended as a ""Magnificent Seven" in outer space", is based on "The Magnificent Seven" (in which Vaughn also appeared), the Western remake of Akira Kurosawa's film "Seven Samurai". The screenplay was written by John Sayles, the score was composed by James Horner, and the special effects were designed by James Cameron.

Title: All Costs Paid

All Costs Paid (Russian: "За всё заплачено" translit. "Za vsyo zaplacheno") is a Soviet TV miniseries produced by Studio Ekran. The director Aleksei Saltykov well known for his film "The Chairman" (Russian: ""Председатель"" translit. ""Predsedatel"" ) with Mikhail Ulyanov, an acclaimed Russian actor playing a main character. "All Costs Paid" is one of the first Soviet feature films that shows the war in Afghanistan. Film has unusually truthful point of view on that period of Soviet Era and on the Soviet war in Afghanistan.

Title: Battle Beyond the Sun

Battle Beyond the Sun is the English-dubbed and re-edited U.S. version of "Nebo Zovyot", a 1959 Soviet science fiction film directed by Mikhail Karyukov and Aleksandr Kozyr. It tells of the "space race" of two future nations competing to become the first to land a spacecraft on the planet Mars.

Title: The Scarlet Flower (1952 film)

The Scarlet Flower (Russian: Аленький цветочек , Alenkiy tsvetochek) is a 1952 Soviet feature animated film directed Lev Atamanov. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow and is based on the story of the same name by Sergei Aksakov. Nastenka's song "During this time in a darling party"/"В эту пору в родимой сторонушке" was sung by the famous chamber singer Victoria Ivanova.

Title: The Key (1961 film)

The Key (Russian: Ключ ; tr. :Klyuch) is a 1961 Soviet feature animated film directed by Lev Atamanov. It was produced at the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow.

Title: Queen of Blood

Queen of Blood is a 1966 color science fiction-horror film based on the screenplay for the earlier, Soviet film called "Mechte Navstrechu". The film was produced by George Edwards and Samuel Z. Arkoff, directed by Curtis Harrington, and stars John Saxon, Basil Rathbone, Dennis Hopper, and Judi Meredith. "Queen of Blood" was released by American International Pictures on a double bill with "Blood Bath". Director Harrington reused special effects footage from the Soviet features "Mechte Navstrechu" and "Nebo Zovyot".

Title: Older Sister

Older Sister (Russian: Старшая сестра ) is a Soviet feature film, shot in 1966, Georgy Natanson on the play by Alexander Volodin "My older sister".

Title: Erika Jayne

Erika Girardi (born 10 July 1971), known professionally as Erika Jayne, is an American singer, actress and television personality. Raised in Atlanta, Girardi came to prominence with the release of her debut single "Roller Coaster", which topped the US "Billboard" Dance Club Songs chart in 2007; it was included on her debut studio album "Pretty Mess" in 2009. Jayne has attained nine number-one songs on the Dance Club Songs chart as of 2016, most recently "How Many Fucks". She is ranked #42 on Billboard's 100 Greatest of All Time Dance Club Artists.

Title: Emílio da Silva

Emilio Ribeiro Neves da Silva, known simply as Emílio da Silva; born 5 April 1982 in Dili, Timor Timur, Indonesia, is a footballer from East Timor who has represented AD Esperança since 2004. Prior to this, da Silva played for FC Zebra for two years, having spent the entirety of his youth career (2000–2002) there also.

Title: Marquinhos (footballer, born June 1989)

Marco da Silva Ignácio (born 15 June 1989), commonly known as Marquinhos, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santos. Mainly an attacking midfielder, he can also play as a wing back.

Title: Viscount of Cardoso da Silva

Viscount of Cardoso da Silva (Portuguese: "Visconde de Cardoso da Silva" ) is a Portuguese title of nobility, created by Carlos I of Portugal in the 19th century, to the benefit of Oliver William Lewis Cardoso da Silva de León (born 3 January 1993), who lives in London, England.

Title: Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva

Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva (née Rocco Casa; São Bernardo do Campo, 7 April 1950 – São Paulo, 3 February 2017) was the second wife of former President of Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and First Lady of Brazil from 2003 to 2010. Lula's first wife, Maria de Lourdes da Silva, died in labour when Lula was in his twenties. And Marisa'a first spouse, Marcos Cláudio da Silva, died in 1971. On January 24, 2017 Marisa Letícia suffered a stroke. She died on February 3, 10 days later at the age of 66 in Sírio-Libanês Hospital. President Michel Temer declared three days of official mourning. She was cremated the next day. Her ashes were interred in the Cemitério Jardim da Colina, in her native São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo.

Title: Fortaleza Metro

The Fortaleza Metro (Portuguese: "Metrô de Fortaleza" , commonly called "Metrofor") is the meter gauge 43 km metropolitan rail system that operates in the city of Fortaleza in Ceará, Brazil. It is operated by Companhia Cearense Metropolitan Transport, which was founded in May 2, 1997, and is responsible for the management, construction and subway system planning in the city of Fortaleza and its metropolitan area. The system is administered by the state government. The Fortaleza Metro system has been in operation since June 15, 2012, with the completion of the South Line, the first line of the system. The planned system will include: South (Central-Chico da Silva - Carlitos Benevides), East (Central-Chico da Silva - Edson Queiroz), West (Central-Chico da Silva - Caucaia), Mucuripe (Parangaba - Iate) and Maranguape (Jereissate - Maranguape). It is integrated with two of the city's seven intermodal terminals: Parangaba and Papicu, with Mucuripe port and the international airport Pinto Martins.

Title: Marco Da Silva (dancer)

Marco Da Silva (born May, 30th, 1977), is a Portuguese dancer and choreographer. He was born in Bremen, Germany in a family of Portuguese descent. His experience as a dancer includes several tours by Kylie Minogue, promotional tours for Minogue's singles ("Wow", In My Arms") and Britney Spears's "Femme Fatale Tour". His dancing experience also includes ex-Spice Girl Geri Haliwell, TV commercials for Coca Cola, films as "The Muppets – The Musical Movie", and music videos such as Kylie Minogue's "All I See", "In My Arms", Mariah Carey's "Thank God I Found You", Erika Jayne's "Pretty Mess", Ninel Conde's "Vivir Asi", and George Michael's "25 Tour".

Title: José Graziano da Silva

José Graziano da Silva (born November 17, 1949) is a Brazilian American agronomist and writer. As a scholar, he has authored several books about the problems of agriculture in Brazil. Between 2003 and 2004, Graziano served in the Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva cabinet as Extraordinary Minister for Food Security, being responsible for implementing the Fome Zero (Zero Hunger) program, which took 28 million people out of the national poverty line during the 8 years of the Lula administration . On June 26, 2011, Graziano was elected director-general of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), becoming the first Latin American ever to hold the position. After his first term from 1 January 2012 to 31 July 2015, Graziano da Silva was re-elected for a second 4 year-term (1 August 2015 to 31 July 2019) during FAO's 39th Conference.

Title: Café (musician)

Café is the stage name of Edson Aparecido da Silva, sometimes credited as Edson da Silva or Café da Silva, a percussionist, singer, composer, and music producer born in Villa Maria, São Paulo, Brazil. He moved to the U.S. in 1985.

Title: Marco da Silva (French footballer)

Marco da Silva (born 10 April 1992) is a French football player who plays for French club Valenciennes in Ligue 1. He plays as a midfielder and is a former graduate of the prestigious Clairefontaine academy. After leaving Clairefontaine, da Silva joined Valenciennes and was promoted to its reserve team after two seasons in the club's youth academy. He helped the team earn promotion to the Championnat de France amateur in the 2010–11 season and is the team's current captain. Da Silva made his professional debut with Valenciennes on 31 August 2011 against Dijon in the Coupe de la Ligue. He started the match and was substituted out after 73 minutes as Valenciennes were defeated 3–2.

Title: Dras War Memorial

Kargil War Memorial, also known as the Vijaypath, is a war memorial built by the Indian Army, located in Dras, in the foothills of the Tololing Hill. The memorial is located about 5 km from the city centre across the Tiger Hill. It is located on the Srinagar-Leh National Highway 1D. The memorial is in the memory of the soldiers and officers of the Indian Army who were killed during the 1999 conflict between India and Pakistan. The conflict later became known as the "Kargil War". The memorial has a huge epitaph with names of all the officers and soldiers who died in war. Kargil Vijay Diwas is celebrated on 26 July every year at the memorial simultaneously the Prime Minister of India pays tribute to the soldiers at Amar Jawan Jyothi at the India Gate, New Delhi. The main attraction of the whole memorial is the Sandstone wall, in the open, which has the names of all the Indian army personnel, who laid their lives during the Kargil war besides there is also a souvenir shop. Visitors to the memorial can also see from there, some of the peaks that the Indian army captured back from Pakistan. A giant national flag, weighing 15 kg was hoisted at the Kargil war memorial to commemorate the 13th anniversary of India’s victory in the war

Title: Devon County War Memorial

The Devon County War Memorial is a First World War memorial, designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and situated on the cathedral green in Exeter, the county town of Devon, in the south west of England. It is one of fifteen War Crosses designed by Lutyens to a similar specification, and one of two to serve as a civic memorial in a city. The first proposal for the county's war memorial was to complete the construction of a cloister at Exeter Cathedral to be dedicated to the Devon's war dead, but this scheme was abandoned due to lack of funds. After considering multiple proposals, the Devon County War Memorial Committee commissioned Lutyens to design a War Cross instead. The committee chose to site the memorial on the green of Exeter Cathedral after scouting several locations. A war memorial for Exeter itself was being considered concurrently, but the committees for the two projects failed to work together, resulting in two separate memorials—the county memorial by the cathedral and Exeter City War Memorial in Northernhay Gardens.

Title: Manchester Cenotaph

Manchester Cenotaph is a First World War memorial, with additions for later conflicts, by Sir Edwin Lutyens in St Peter's Square in Manchester, England. Manchester was late in commissioning a war memorial compared to most British towns and cities—the city council did not convene a war memorial committee until 1922. The committee quickly raised £10,000 but finding a suitable location for the monument proved controversial. The preferred site in Albert Square, requiring the removal and relocation of several statues, was opposed by the city's artistic community. The next choice was Piccadilly Gardens, an area ripe for development, but in the interests of expediency, the council chose St Peter's Square, although it already contained a memorial cross to the former St Peter's Church. Negotiations to move the cross were unsuccessful and the war memorial was built with the cross in situ.

Title: York City War Memorial

The York City War Memorial is a First World War memorial designed by Sir Edwin Lutyens and located in York in the north of England. Proposals for commemorating York's war dead originated in 1919 but proved controversial. Initial discussions focused on whether a memorial should be a monument or should take on some utilitarian purpose. Several functional proposals were examined until a public meeting in January 1920 opted for a monument. The city engineer produced a cost estimate and the war memorial committee engaged Lutyens, who had recently been commissioned by the North Eastern Railway (NER) to design their own war memorial, also to be sited in York. Lutyens' first design was approved, but controversy enveloped proposals for both the city's and the NER's memorials. Members of the local community became concerned that the memorials as planned were not in keeping with York's existing architecture, especially as both were in close proximity to the ancient city walls, and that the NER's memorial would overshadow the city's. Continued public opposition forced the committee to abandon the proposed site in favour of one on Leeman Road, just outside the walls, and Lutyens submitted a new design of a War Cross and Stone of Remembrance to fit the location. This was scaled back to the cross alone due to lack of funds.

Title: Maiwand Lion

The Maiwand Lion is a sculpture and war memorial in the Forbury Gardens, a public park in the town of Reading, in the English county of Berkshire. The statue was named after the Battle of Maiwand and was erected in 1884 to commemorate the deaths of 329 men from the 66th (Berkshire) Regiment of Foot during the campaign in the Second Anglo-Afghan War in Afghanistan between 1878 and 1880. It is sometimes known locally as the Forbury Lion.

Title: Reading Post

The Reading Post (until 2009, the Reading Evening Post), was an English local newspaper covering Reading, Berkshire and surrounding areas. The title page of the paper featured the Maiwand Lion, a famous local landmark at Forbury Gardens. The paper was most recently published by Surrey & Berkshire Media Ltd., a division of Trinity Mirror plc.

Title: Spalding War Memorial

Spalding War Memorial is a First World War memorial in the gardens of Ayscoughfee Hall (pronounced ) in Spalding, Lincolnshire, in eastern England. It was designed by the architect Sir Edwin Lutyens. The proposal for a memorial to Spalding's war dead originated in January 1918 with Barbara McLaren, whose husband and the town's Member of Parliament, Francis McLaren, was killed in a flying accident during the war. She engaged Lutyens via a family connection and the architect produced a plan for a grand memorial cloister surrounding a circular pond, in the middle of which would be a cross. The memorial was to be built in the formal gardens of Ayscoughfee Hall, which was owned by the local district council. When McLaren approached the council with her proposal, it generated considerable debate within the community and several alternative schemes were suggested. After a public meeting and a vote in 1919, a reduced-scale version of McLaren's proposal emerged as the preferred option, in conjunction with a clock on the town's corn exchange building.

Title: The Forbury Hotel

The Forbury Hotel (formerly Shire Hall) is a grade II listed hotel in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is situated on the southern side of Forbury Gardens, a public park in the town centre.

Title: St James's Church, Reading

St James's Church is a Roman Catholic church situated in the centre of the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. It is located adjacent to the remaining ruins of Reading Abbey, between the Forbury Gardens and Reading Gaol.

Title: Forbury Gardens

Forbury Gardens is a public park in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire. The park is on the site of the outer court of Reading Abbey, which was in front of the Abbey Church. The site was formerly known as the Forbury, and one of the roads flanking the current gardens is still known as The Forbury. Fairs were held on the site three times a year until the 19th century.

Title: Lord of Islay

Lord of Islay was a thirteenth- and fourteenth-century title borne by the chiefs of Clann Domhnaill before they assumed the title "Lord of the Isles" in the late fourteenth century. The first person regarded to have styled themself "Lord of Islay" is Aonghus Mór, son of the eponymous ancestor of the clan, Domhnall mac Raghnaill. The designation "of Islay" was frequently used by these lords and later members of the clan.

Title: Aonghus Mór

Aonghus Mór mac Domhnaill (died c.1293) was a leading figure in the thirteenth-century kingdoms of the Isles and Scotland. He was a son of Domhnall mac Raghnaill, the eponym of Clann Domhnaill, a branch of Clann Somhairle. Aonghus Mór appears to have succeeded his father in the mid part of the thirteenth century. At the time, the rulers of the Isles were fiercely independent of the Scottish Crown, and owed nominal allegiance to the distant Norwegian Crown. Aonghus Mór's first certain appearance in the historical record seems to evince his involvement in aiding native Irish kindreds against the consolidation of Anglo-Irish authority in the north-west Ireland. Such cooperation could have been undertaken in the context of overseas kindreds like Clann Domhnaill constructing Irish alliances to gain assistance against Scottish encroachment.

Title: Protected areas of Himachal Pradesh

Forests in Himachal Pradesh currently cover an area of nearly 37,691 sqkm , which is about 38.3% of the total land area of the state. The forests were once considered to be the main source of income of the state and most of the original forests were clear felled. The emphasis has shifted, however, from exploitation to conservation. The state government aims to increase forest cover to 50% of the total land area. There have been various projects, including the establishment of protected areas such as National Parks, designed to preserve and expand the forests.

Title: Ashanti Region

The Ashanti Region is located in south Ghana and is third largest of 10 administrative regions, occupying a total land surface of 24389 km2 or 10.2 per cent of the total land area of Ghana. In terms of population, however, it is the most populated region with a population of 4,780,380 according to the 2010 census, accounting for 19.4% of Ghana’s total population. The Ashanti Region is known for its major gold bar and cocoa production. The largest city and regional capital is Kumasi.

Title: List of islands of Tasmania

This is a list of islands of Tasmania, the smallest and southernmost state of Australia. The Tasmanian mainland itself is an island, with an area of 64,103 km2 - 94.1% of the total land area of the state of Tasmania. The eleven next largest islands have a combined area of 3,826 km2 , for a cumulative total of 99.75% of the state. Over 300 smaller islands make up the remaining 173 km2 of total land area.

Title: Jaluit Atoll

Jaluit Atoll (Marshallese: Jālwōj , , or Jālooj , ) is a large coral atoll of 91 islands in the Pacific Ocean and forms a legislative district of the Ralik Chain of the Marshall Islands. Its total land area is 11.34 km2 , and it encloses a lagoon with an area of 690 km2 . Most of the land area is on the largest islet (motu) of Jaluit (10.4 km²). Jaluit is approximately 220 km southwest of Majuro. Jaluit Atoll is a designated conservation area and Ramsar Wetland.

Title: Geography of the Philippines

The Philippines is an archipelago that consists of 7,641 islands with a total land area of 301780 km2 . The 11 largest islands contain 95% of the total land area. The largest of these islands is Luzon at about 105000 km2 . The next largest island is Mindanao at about 95000 km2 . The archipelago is around 800 km from the Asian mainland and is located between Taiwan and Borneo.

Title: National parks of Taiwan

National parks of Taiwan are protected spaces for their nature, wildlife, and history in its current jurisdiction. Currently there are nine national parks in Taiwan, all are under the administration of the Ministry of the Interior. These national parks covers 7489.49 km2 . The 3103.76 km2 total land area constitutes around 8.6% of the entire land area of the country.

Title: Kingdom of the Isles

The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD. The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland. The historical record is incomplete, and the kingdom was not a continuous entity throughout the entire period. The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, although only some of the later rulers claimed that title. At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney. At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory. The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.

Title: List of rulers of the Kingdom of the Isles

The Kingdom of the Isles comprised the Hebrides, the islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man from the 9th to the 13th centuries AD. The islands were known to the Norse as the "Suðreyjar", or "Southern Isles" as distinct from the "Norðreyjar" or Northern Isles of Orkney and Shetland. The historical record is incomplete and the kingdom was probably not a continuous entity throughout the entire period. The islands concerned are sometimes referred to as the "Kingdom of Mann and the Isles", although only some of the later rulers claimed that title. At times the rulers were independent of external control, although for much of the period they had overlords in Norway, Ireland, England, Scotland or Orkney. At times there also appear to have been competing claims for all or parts of the territory. The islands involved have a total land area of over 8300 km2 and extend for more than 500 km from north to south.

Title: The Beatles

The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways. In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", and as the group's music grew in sophistication in subsequent years, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.

Title: Marsha Albert

Marsha Albert (born 1948) is credited with being the person who jump-started the early 1960s phenomena known as Beatlemania in the United States when as a 15-year-old girl, on 17 December 1963, she introduced for the first time on American radio a song written and recorded by The Beatles titled I Want to Hold Your Hand (the Beatles' best-selling single worldwide), and that Beatles historian and author Bruce Spizer noted, in 2004, by his stating "Marsha Albert's actions forced a major record company to push up the release date of a debut single from an unknown band during the holiday season, a time when record companies traditionally released no new product."

Title: Cargo Records (Canada)

Cargo Records was a Canadian independent record label and distributor, active in the 1980s and 1990s. Based in Montreal, the company both released albums directly as a label, and distributed albums on behalf of many other small independent labels, making it one of the largest and most influential Canadian record companies of the alternative rock era.

Title: Azra

Azra was a rock band that was popular across Yugoslavia in the 1980s. Azra was formed in 1977 by its frontman Branimir "Johnny" Štulić. The other two members of the original line-up were Mišo Hrnjak (bass) and Boris Leiner (drums). The band is named after a verse from "Der Asra" by Heinrich Heine. They are considered to be one of the most influential bands from the former Yugoslav new wave rock era and the Yugoslav rock scene in general.

Title: The Beach Boys

The Beach Boys are an American rock band formed in Hawthorne, California, in 1961. The group's original lineup consisted of brothers Brian, Dennis, and Carl Wilson; their cousin Mike Love; and their friend Al Jardine. Distinguished by their vocal harmonies and early surf songs, they are one of the most influential acts of the rock era. The group, led by their principal songwriter and producer Brian, pioneered novel approaches to popular music form and production, combining their affinities for jazz-based vocal groups, 1950s rock and roll, and black R&B to create their unique sound. He later arranged his compositions for studio orchestras and explored a variety of other styles, often incorporating classical or jazz elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways.

Title: Christian Death

Christian Death is an American deathrock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1979 by Rozz Williams. They became a highly influential act, heralding the American gothic rock and deathrock movements.

Title: Cultural impact of the Beatles

The Beatles were an English rock band, formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era. In the early 1960s, their enormous popularity first emerged as "Beatlemania", but as the group's music grew in sophistication, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, they came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.

Title: Adam and the Ants

Adam and the Ants were an English rock band active during the late 1970s and early 1980s. The group, which lasted from 1977 to 1982, existed in two incarnations, both fronted by Adam Ant. The first, founded in May 1977 and known simply as The Ants until November that year, achieved considerable cult popularity during the transition from the punk rock era to the post-punk and new wave era and were noted for their high camp and overtly sexualised stage performances and songs. The final line-up of this first incarnation – Dave Barbarossa, Matthew Ashman and Leigh Gorman – left the band in January 1980 at the suggestion of then-de facto manager Malcolm McLaren, to form the instrumentalist personnel of the controversial Bow Wow Wow.

Title: Bruce Spizer

David "Bruce" Spizer (born July 2, 1955) is a tax attorney in New Orleans, Louisiana, who is also recognized as an expert on The Beatles. He has published eight books, and is frequently quoted as an authority on the history of the band and its recordings.

Title: Cultural depictions of Elvis Presley

Elvis Presley has inspired artistic and cultural works since he entered the national consciousness. From that point, interest in his personal and public life has never stopped. Some scholars have even studied many aspects of his profound cultural influence. " Billboard" historian Joel Whitburn declared Presley the "#1 act of the Rock era".

Title: Steers &amp; Stripes

Steers & Stripes is the seventh studio album, released in 2001, by country duo Brooks & Dunn on Arista Nashville. The album produced five singles on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts, of which the first three were all Number Ones. "Ain't Nothing 'bout You", the first single, became the duo's biggest hit, not only spending six weeks at the top of the country charts, but also reaching #25 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song was also declared by "Billboard" as the Number One country song for the entire year of 2001. Following it were "Only in America" and "The Long Goodbye" (the latter of which was later a pop hit for Ronan Keating, co-written with Paul Brady). The last two singles were the #5 "My Heart Is Lost to You" and the #12 "Every River".

Title: (Who Says) You Can't Have It All

"(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released in January 1994 as the fifth and final single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)". The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and number 11 on the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart. Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride.

Title: We'll Burn That Bridge

"We'll Burn That Bridge" is a song written by Don Cook and Ronnie Dunn and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn. Released in May 1993 as the second single from their CD, "Hard Workin' Man", it peaked at #2 on the country charts for two weeks, behind "Chattahoochee" by Alan Jackson.

Title: Holler Back

Holler Back is the fifth studio album by American country music group The Lost Trailers. It was released on August 26, 2008 as their second album for BNA Records. The album's title track was released in March 2008, becoming their first Top 10 hit that year with a peak at number 9. Following it was "How 'bout You Don't", a Top 20 hit. "All This Love" was originally chosen as the third single for release in June 2009 but after "Country Folks Livin' Loud" charted as an album cut, it was released as the album's next single.

Title: High Lonesome (Randy Travis album)

High Lonesome is the seventh studio album by American country music artist Randy Travis, released on August 27, 1991. Four singles were released from the album: "Forever Together" (#1 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts), "Better Class of Losers" (#2), "Point of Light" (#3), and "I'd Surrender All" reached number 20. All of these singles except "Point of Light" were co-written by Travis and country singer Alan Jackson. Conversely, Travis co-wrote Jackson's 1992 Number One hit "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)" from his 1992 album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)".

Title: A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)

A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love) is the third studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released on October 6, 1992, and produced the singles "Chattahoochee", "She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)", "Tonight I Climbed the Wall", "(Who Says) You Can't Have It All" and "Mercury Blues". "Chattahoochee" and "She's Got the Rhythm" were both Number One hits on the Hot Country Songs charts, while the other three songs all reached Top Five.

Title: Chattahoochee (song)

"Chattahoochee" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released in May 1993 as the third single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)". The album is named for a line in the song itself. Jackson wrote the song with Jim McBride.

Title: She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)

"She's Got the Rhythm (And I Got the Blues)" is a song co-written by American country music artists Alan Jackson and Randy Travis, and performed by Jackson. It was released in October 1992 as the first single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)". The song received an award in 1993 from Music City News for being one of the most performed country songs of the year.

Title: Alan Jackson albums discography

Alan Jackson is an American country music artist. The first artist signed to Arista Nashville Records, he was with them from 1989 to 2011. He has released sixteen studio albums, two Christmas albums, ten compilations, and a tribute album for the label. His first two greatest hits albums (1995's "The Greatest Hits Collection" and 2003's "Greatest Hits Volume II") as well as his 1992 studio album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)" are all his highest-certified albums, each certified 6× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, with sales in the US of over 6,000,000. He has sold over 40 million albums in the US since 1991 when Nielsen SoundScan began tracking sales for Billboard.

Title: Tonight I Climbed the Wall

"Tonight I Climbed the Wall" is a song written and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson. It was released in January 1993 as the second single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)". It peaked at number 4 on both the United States "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart and the Canadian "RPM" Country Tracks chart.